I swear you guys are doing this to spite me! The 10 second rewind/fast-forward were back for like a day and then when I come back the next day, what do you know! It's gone. Getting my hopes up and destroying it over and over again. Thanks for That!

Hello. The apps was my stress relieving after my work done. I am at saudi arabia right now. Can i have a questions.. Why there is no other season of riders of berks? Please put it in i am a really fan of how to train your dragon. Please add more season in this app.

Everything on the app is great, but not actually being able to watch anything??? The audio and buttons work, I'm just left with a black screen with voices. Please fix!!! Netflix has always been my go to on iOS but its a let down on android

New gui is ferociously terrible with new management. We used to skim through the spot we wanted to continue our show if we lwft off. Now its 10sec a time. Don't force dictate our journey on your now specialized shows. Spotify will be better with hulu if you try such shortcomings

Entire family uses and loves Netflix. Extremely user friendly. Only 1 minor complaint; maybe once or twice a month the app will be slow/sit and spin but it's never been over 10-15 minutes before it's back to working perfectly. Highly recommend.

Its logging me out every time I pause, backup, do anything... or leave the app and then try to go back in to continue a show. Very annoying. Will change rating when fixed.

You guys took my favorite show off here. And I was almost done with it. It makes me so freaking upset when I pay about 18$ a month to watch. You guys need to stop removing shows.

Hate it. Netflix has taken all the good series and movies off the platform. Now its a bloody app for kids programs, where is black sails, vikings you guys are shit

FINALLY THEY ADDED THE 10SEC FORWARDING AND REWINDING BACK. the 30 sec rewinding was rubbish. The app is so good however they need more and newer series/movies

Chromecast implementation is just awful. Most of the time the app isn't aware that it's playing anything which makes pausing impossible. Nobody st Netflix seems to care their app is total garbage.

I absolutely love the new UI! It's modern, sleek, and intuitive to use! On top of that, it fixed issues with the virtual navigation bar on Android devices from sticking around occasionally while watching content.

It was working all right until netfix had its recent update. When you disable the subtitles. The subtitles is still present after disabling. The subtitles of when it was disabled is clearly visable on screen instead of disappearing totally. 🤤

I want to love it, but the lack of control over streaming quality and forced low quality even at high speed connection makes it often not worth watching. It's why I cancelled a few years ago. I'm surprised they haven't fixed this yet. Otherwise a great app!

Ever since this apps recent update I can no longer use the app on my phone. It goes to the black screen that says netflix but will not go any further. As someone who pays to use this app I would like to be able to use it

For the last two days I have not been able to watch any movies because it says Netflix has stopped working if they don't fix it soon I am going to discontinue my service with them and find someone else so they need to get on the ball and fix the problem

They should bring back the star ratings. Thumbs up/down is terrible and doesn't work. I hate always having to switch to Rotten Tomatoes or IMDB to get the star ratings for movies.

The are you watching feature does not work on this version on a Note 8. I usually fall asleep watching the office but instead of kicking off after a couple episodes after I fall asleep I wake up the next morning and Jim and Pam are getting married

Updated the app and facing a problem with the google cast icon. The cast icon doesn't seems to be working, * i tried to select my tv--> i clicked on its name/tv model or something like that in the cast icon and nothing happened. Tried multiple times and still nothing. FIX IT PLEASE

Why keep changing the layout? I like the forward and backward button. If it wasnt for the easy accessible layout.. i wld prob give 4 stars.

Seriously fix this issue... i love Netflix but you have to stop messing with it! If it's not broke don't fix it.... well now it's broke can't fast forward or review anything in the episode I am on just says loading very frustrating...

The application crashes and logs me out of the account randomly. I have had to log in 5 times within a 30 minute span.

It crashes frequently, everytime I skip the intro to a show or pause or crashes and signs me out of the app. Really thinking about canceling my membership if this keeps up. (Galaxy S8 Plus)

The you choose adventure, puss in boots is not a you choose adventure like it used to be. FIX IT NOW!!!!!!!!!! This used to be something fun to do but now you have renewed it. This is not cool. Now it's just a useless extra. Try to make it the way it used to be.

As of this last update, no problems, thanks. I enjoy much of Netflix originals, as well as being able to watch other things like some of the newer Disney movies. I do sometimes wish there was a bigger selection of older movies, otherwise great.

Latest updates have turned this app into utter trash. Constant video distortion, frequent errors, and constantly being logged out in the middle of a show. One star until these issues are fixed.

The new update doesn't work on my Samsung galaxy s9. I'm logged out every time I try to do anything. The video starts out garbled if I ever get to the video. Someone screwed up.

After doing the latest 2 updates. It logs me out after every single episode and if it's paused for too long! Please correct asap.

Depois de uma nova atualização, simplesmente, sumiu todas as categorias de gêneros de títulos que eu poderia assistir. Só aparece Filmes, Séries e Tudo, nada mais. O design para o LG G6 está incrível, mas falta todos os recursos!

Since last update, every few days it asks me to sign in, nd then it says unable to reach netflix service. So every few days I have to uninstall and install the app again.

This app is amazing and has gotten me through many long and difficult days, however lately ever single time I try to watch any episode or movie of any program, it always ends with the same result. It restarts my phone, any explanations on this would be greatly appreciated.

The app needs FastForward, Rewind buttons. It is frustrating that there is only a 30 second skip back option but no 30 second skip forward button. Over all, the app developer did not think it through well about users expectations from the app. It sucks.

The new rating system is useless. Having to resort to alternative rating sites. 99% match is total bull****.

I am unable to sign in suddenly. I keep getting a message saying 'Netflix Site Error'. Please assist.

Hey! I can't load any of the movies/series. My internet connection is okay, I updated the app and everything. Help! It keeps saying that there is a problem with the video?

This app is annoying in terms of constantly signing me out. I think it got to do with Android devices because my brothers (apple users) never complained so fix this glitch!

Screen keeps going black on android o and downloads and on online and clearing cache and restoring down work. Just comes back in its own time. The version Luke works and the stuff played just no picture

I like the content. My only gripe are the button placements. I liked the previous one where the pause/play button was at the middle and the presence of a +10 / - 10 second buttons

Problem with the cast function. Cant cast to my sony bravia smart tv. When you press the cast button and choose where to cast the app does in fact turn on the netflix app on the tv. But it doesnt play the movie.

The app. Keeps booting me off mid show / movie and when you play anything the screen is all different colors and freezes then makes you sign back in NETFLIX WHAT IS GOING ON ????????

Netflix is lacking..... i'm looking for a replacement. To much non english subtitle movies. If i wanted to read id go to the library. Im getting bored with the service

When are they going to put shadow hunters on this. And put more shows on the US one like Teen wolf and others plz if not I will tell people to stop useing this app

I wrote a detailed paragraph but it got deleted and I'm too lazy to rewrite it. Summary: I would have given it five stars, but the new update sucks--too much lag. Fix it or change it back to the previous version.

Lots of old movies still not in net flix. Was planning to watch MCU movies but it was incomplete here. Probably this will be my last months subscription.

Netflix is cool. But recently the took a lot of stuff that I liked off. Also it updated pretty slowly. Other than that everything is cool. I'm also glad that there ore no ads and it is categorized nicely.

It keeps on throwing me out and making me log in every time I mess with the time trying to either get ahead in a movie or go back.

Too often I need to login again, then the app log-me out, then I have to login again ... This happens lot of times, I live abroad and I think there's a country checking logic somewhere that's mess up everything ...

It's a great app. if only it would work. I can hardly play anything without getting an error saying Netflix unavailable. I love using it but I need it to work

Good app but not happy that one of my devices (the one I primarily use to watch it) is all of a sudden "unsupported". Very annoyed and I hope it is fixed soon.

I love Netflix! It has a bunch of shows and movies and changes every month. I'm watching Pretty Little Liars on Netflix right now.

The user experience should be improved... Navigation is very poor and many logical areas are missing like reviews as an example, proper categories charts and so on... Funny that pirated content apps are doing better like popcorn and stremio

This is the best I can watch what I want when I want. And with now there is so much new content I have a hard time committing to just one show. Love it.

It's a pretty good. I mainnly use it to watch the US version of The Office (UK version is good, too). John Krasinski and BJ Novak are my main men, dude.

Netflix is a battery hogger. With Android Oreo the problem gets worse. Will need to think about other apps if this continues :-(

Been using Netflix for years. All of a sudden it logged me out and I cannot use it. Price went up. Service went down. 🙁🙁

Having a lot of problems lately keep getting kicked out I've uninstalled and reinstalled twice and still messing up

The app seems to crash my razer phone infrequently, when it does this my phone hard crashes and ends up resetting itself after about 2 mins.

Why does Netflix have to take off the good shows. Like I was in the middle of a show and they just take it off. Netflix needs to bring back the good stuff and take off the bad.

As promised upgraded my review to 5 stars thanks to the return of the 10 seconds fast forward and rewind. Please keep them as its a mission without these buttons.

the app won't work. I've tried everything and all that comes up is the black screen that says NETFLIX in red.

I just use this to watch Stranger Things, Supernatural, and iZombie. It's really good ssssooo 👍👍

Just signed. Can't play anything, slow app, cant cast to roku but found it. Have no idea what's wrong but definitely not my skills and my internet.

Really like it, but sometimes the movie or show can lag. But overall I really like and enjoy this app!

I love netflix it does have great netflix movies and great netflix shows BUT can u upload movies other than netflix made tooo?? Lately i haven't seen alot of movies that come from out on theaters

The app is great overall however i do not like the fact that you remove shows that are being watched ,for example the show "lost" i was only up to season 4 ep 1

Makes me sign in everytime a show ends. Brutal. Or says my password is wrong when I just used it 30 minutes before to watch a TV show. And sometimes it just kicks me out then asks me to log in again. Never use to be like this... Brutal

Oh man I'm so happy...best customer response, wanted a forwards button so badly and you guys have done it! Love Netflix, thankyou

Don't you dare changing this layout. Big buttons in the middle of the screen, 10 sec back and forth, nice to have it back.

wors movie app. It has only like. 200 old. movies. Horrible. Red box. Is. Better. Netflix. Sucks. 👎👎👎👎

its because you dont have that much anime shows and you dont update your seasons on your app also you dont have a lot of good movies and shows

There's direct access to your account if there's an issue to report with shows or movies. It would be great if there were the option to skip intros to shows on the TV like there are with this app.

Its very nice and I love the app ever since the first time I tried it. Its quite addictive but great!

I can only see the forward or rewind 10 secs option sometimes. Can you advise what the issue is?

Everything is perfect but the app keeps on logging me out! I can't watch a full episode without getting kicked out!

I love Netflix, but it just freezes and crashes when I try and watch it (Razer Phone) and forces my phone to restart..

I get signed out after every video/episode I watch... C'mon netflix

App & content is great, but not so much as to ditch/switch from all others. THAT SAID, depending on May schedule - if Michelle Wolf actually gets her show - I might be canceling my Netflix subscription anyway. HELLO HULU, AMAZON PRIME VIDEO & MANY OTHERS!

Keeps signing out as I watch anything. Using S8+. Don't have this issue on any other device.

Would gave 5 stars but alot of movies I search for I can't get. I know they have because there older movies.

Please fix the app. Ever since the update, nothing loads properly

Its a nice app we can watch tv shows, movies kids cartoon shows here.

Netflix is so awesome bc I get to watch any of my favorite shows plus new shows and Netflix Original!

Nonlonger finds my chromecast on my lg v30 making this app mostly useless

The movies and shows wouldn't load. They finally DO load, I accidentally pressed the back button and it won't save my spot

The Netflix originals are on point, when you want to binge watch!

I look for scify,documentaries and comedy Ser ing es or movies you have a fair variety

Garbage app, translation keeps switching as soon as you stop watching and the downloads gets erased if you don't re download it for a while but you cant just redownload it from the downloaded page so you have to redownload all individually.

Ever since I updated the app, it freezes every few minutes and forces me to sign in again. This becomes increasingly annoying when you're really trying to get into a show or movie. Very frustrating

Y'all took off goodfellas, smh, please bring it back<3

This app is very nice for when you have nothing to do with your life and just binge watching everything

Greatest and very easiest app I ever experienced. Thank you 🤗🤗Netflix and play store

I am new to it. However, would like a more descriptive sections such as fiction, horror, mythology fiction etc..

I tire of the selection but I have only myself to blame.

Why are there now red borders when watching shows ore movies? It is very distracting! Please change it back to black. If this continues I cancel my subscription.

Horrible, I can't play anything without it crashing. At first I thought it was my network, but after trying it at home with my WIFI it still had the same issue. Fix this Netflix!!!

Its great! They get a lot of new movies but I do with they would get older series

I have been a long time customer but the update broke the app have to sign in all the time and get Netflix can't be reached this needs attention are I will cancel

Latest update allows Netflix to override Blue Light Filter on my Galaxy S9+. Before the update I could watch movies with the Blue Light Filter on, this latest update turns the Blue Light Filter off. Please look in to this.

I think you need to update Netflix, because there's a lot of TV shows and movies that you think would be on Netflix, but aren't on it... You need to update Netflix

Don't like the update, each to their own.Just waiting for something better.

I would like it more if you leave the option where you can skip 10 seconds

I hate the new stupid UK/USA bull, I want to watch all my favourite movies but I can't because they "aren't available in my reigon" like I know the whole twighlight saga is on there but it won't come up at all for me, son of a peice of toast

I will up the review once the app actually starts working good again and stops signing me out every 2 minutes!

I'm using android phn after an update in the search option i am not able see the categories of movie like action ,horror , thriller .

I have installed it numerous times & also uninstalled due to it saying error every time l clicked on movie it's a real pain in the ass

This app is awesome! I have used it for 5 yrs, and I have never encountered any bugs!

The app keeps kicking me out after each episode. I have to log back in every time. The has been happening for about a week.

There's some movies and animes not in there.. I was hoping that you could add them in netflix. So i can watch But , it it good so far , it does not lag Keep up the good work

I like Netflix but when a new season on a show comes out I takes then forever to pit on netflix such as Riverdale

Ever since the last update, whenever I click next episode, or skip intro, it logs me out. Is really freaking annoying.

I like Netflix more than Hulu bc there is no commercials and I dont have to pay more to get rid of them.

The app won't stream above standard definition on any of my devices, regardless of how fast my internet is. Very annoying.

The app constantly pixelates the screen and will only play the sound. It will then log me out and ask me to log in again.

It's amazing and addictive can watch all my favourite shows if I could I would give it 💯 stars thank you

It keeps on saying ""Can't connect to Netflix"" my wifi is good i have the new update WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS.

I have been trying to cast from my galaxy s7 to my smart tv and roku box and getting the same 16001 timed out message!

Not fair how Netflix in Canada has much less content than that of Netflix in the U.S. Nice app, biased service.

HELP! I use to be able to easily double tap the edge of the screen to fast forward by 10 seconds. This has since been removed. I loved this feature! What's happening with it? I'm not alone!

Its awesome u get to watch movies before they come out.

The app freezes on the opening netflix screen since the update

It is a great app, however after the last update I lost the option to forward 10 seconds. It would be nice to add it back as sometimes there is a need to forward the scene and not just rewind.

It doesn't work i try everything but not helpful at all

It's good contains and nice programmes but not working on my mobile for few days, I tried to reinstall it but still not working. Need some solution or I will have to remove my subscription

Netflix just really got on my nerves I was in the middle of watching a series and now it's not on Netflix anymore

I think it is great and affordable. I nust wish they would add different movies more often....4.5 from me for now.. five star when i see movies added weekly or at the least monthly!

Since new update it auto plays downloaded next épisodes, but it shouldn't from settings.

Netflix is good, obviously, but what happened to that coming soon tab? I thought it was genius but almost as soon as it arrived it disappeared! Please bring it back.

App won't properly connect to the PlayStation 3, please fix. NOW. It's annoying has hell.

This app keeps on getting disconnected from chromecast

What the hell happen? I even can't sign up on my phone. It doesn't work

So da problema, como agora que nem uma série ou filme começa

I dont like the fact that when youve watched a movie so many times it gets rid of it

I can't log in from my account it says 'we can't find an email account with this email address ' please fix it i really want to watch. I'll rate it five star if u fix it. Thank you

Please please add forward button in interface like, 5 second forward with on touch or multiple 5 sec with multiple touch....

No new movies worth my time. Selection has been horrible lately

Netflix does not have latest TV shows episodes and Movies, second thing create a password for every screen in Netflix it would not allow other profile members to see the activity of others........

The subtitles are appearing with a delay after the update. Can you please fix that

The playback controlled are sometimes in the bottom left With only a 30s rewind (which is bad) and sometimes in the center with a 10s rewind and skip (which is much better). I'd like to see that fixed.

I'm unable to sign in totally hate it😠😠

I Don't Get Passed The Netflix Title Screen, Please Fix This!!!

Starting to suck, shutting down and logging out several times a day.

I like the app but u recently logout and it keeps saying I'm putting and incorrect password or email and I'm not and it's frustrating I don't know how to get back in

Tired of having less titles than other countries. It's boring

I really like the improvements i can now watch without buffering that use to be a problem not anymore thanks you guys im very happy

I like it, but sometimes it randomly shuts down my phone

It has very good and amazing movies and series. But sometimes, the suggestion doesn't match the genre I'm searching. But all in all, it's a great app!

Well I wanted to watch pokemon idk why they removed... I request to add them back...

The is broken now when I load it up it flicker all the time

Watch z nation or you are a lame

You remove movies and shows that I like watching. How could you expect people to stick with your service when you want us to pay more and shows keep getting removed?

Thanks for updating the network issue.

Honestly can't fault it right now, the app is great, very responsive, casting works perfectly, worth every penny

I'm really upset that the latest update broke screen mirroring

It cannot connect to my TCL smart Tv

All i can say is I Hate you I Love you I Hate that you deleted. Movies that I loooooooove.

Stopped working. Stuck at load screen. Tried uninstalling. Galaxy S7

Constantly changing password and it STILL won't let me log in! I am using the right information and everything!!

I wish Netflix has Disney and Nickelodeon shows on it like iCarly

Last update removed Bluetooth control support... Big loss

It's movie Worthy and everything is awesome,but I think an Update showing movie/Show recap plus a forwarding button would do

WHY I MUST PAY. IM A STUDENT AND I DONT HAVE A LOT MONEY FOR PAY😣😣😣

This has all your favorite movies an shows

I don't like the sign in

It's really good I'm glad they have it , it might not have all my favorite shows but what evs

Worst/rudest customer service of all time.

It's a nonsense app. While signing in it's saying my email id is not valid. I'm using the same id for so long. Ridiculous app

Irritating that most new releases are in foriegn language.

Keep crashing and logging me out of account.

Please can N u bring bag house of anubis

Everytime I go to watch something it logs me out (started happening at the end of April). Other than that it's decent

i love the new movies thank u

Why with huawei P20 Pro the movie is blank dark. Only can watch when u minimise the size. It shows only subtitle

Continuously signs me out when I get a phone call.

the new update sucks. WHY CAN'T I DOWNLOAD MOVIES LIKE I USED TO HUH? geez, I just wanted moana

If it's possible to have an option for full screen when using samsung DEX or other.

Your new video player interface is so bad please downgrade it or make something better like mxplayers or others players please do it ASAP .....😇😇😇😇😇

Would you pls let me knw from where i can create an account in this?? Pagal kr dia h... Salaaa.... Sign in sign in... Jbtk create nai hoga account sign in kyaaa khaak krungi?????

The app works great except it refuses to download episodes offline it says my storage is full which it isn't

Hey ... i only want one thing from u Netflix Team ... What if u Guys add .. A quality control that we can control inside the episode we Watch .. like Starzplay ... it will really be great if u guys add this feature ... Hope u will ... Thnx .. Netflix The best ❤

Very easy to use. I can watch awesome shows.

It has a great way if displaying Netflix for a mobile device, and it's easy to use and I like the layout.

It doesn't work to me. Why?

GET IT ITS LIKE CONSTANTLY HAVING YOURE TV WITH YOU EASY AND READY TO USE WHENEVER

Haven't been able to use netflix for over a week. Won't let me log on. Paying for something that I cant use.

Most of the time doesn't work.

Keeps messing up on note 8

How to fix the black screen in android

Add a bunch of zombie movies Pls

I would die without Netflix

U should add all the Godzilla movies, gamera movies all the rebirth of mothras, it would be great for the people who love these titles.

Awesome and seriously loved it..!!gr8 app but as a 30 sec reverse button also add a 30 sec forward button for easy navigation...

Just downloaded the app, but I have used Netflix on other equipment and rate it highly.

You had the 10 second forward and rewind on the mobile device. it was great!... Why would you remove that feature.

It's an amazing app

La aplicación ha estado inestable, me apaga mi teléfono al reproducir vídeo

Need empire and more action movies and new scary movies too

Was watching Gravity Falls.. The next day, it was gone. Couldn't find it. Please fix this asap.

Good as New. Hahaha really nice movies in here. Thumb up

Its Great!.Free Trials,Cancel Anytime And Great Customer Service! Great Job You earned 5 Stars

Dont take phineas and Ferb off that was the dumbest decision netflix has ever made plz bring it back.

BRING BACK RUPAULS DRAG Race!!!

Thanks for bringing the 10 sec forward or rewind buttons again!... Best app deserves 5 stars.

I gave you one star because the 10 second fast forward feature has been removed

The app hasn't worked in 2 weeks. It keeps updating and it won't load

Where is sign up option? It's the first time I wana sign up and it hasn't!

Please update again. Newest update done and I keep getting logged off

I been having Netflix for 2 years Now and I love it

Not ashamed to admit that I'm addicted to everything that Netflix has to offer

Samsung S7 Active, app causes my phone to reboot when starting from status bar notification.

Download Netflix just to watch Busted! Oh Sehun Actor rises.. dont forget to watch it..

I loved it but it took off my favorite show the secret life of the American teenager

Lost in Space is so dumb

I wish it has the same 10s forward/backward functions for android

You can go to hell

Its amazing I really love how you can download stuff you you can watch you favorite shows while traveling!

Not as much shows as Hulu, but has some originals though.

Well i think that u guys should more 🎥 like spirit away

How can we signup it shows only the option to signin...of we r new how can we reg

Nothing's better than sitting down in my psych class and turning on my show. Love Netflix

It would be really nice if you just added a forward button too to the screens.

Its very nice but disconnects sometimes

M/S MILON MEDICAL HALL 3370,NABIGANJ-INATHGANJ ROAD,NABIGANJ,BANGLADESH

You people need to add more Naruto episodes/seasons

Its a good way where you can watch movies when you are bored

This service doesnt support in my area or by my connection😡

Video player interface was very good before the last update..Kindly change it to previous one

By far one of the best movie apps just need to update the films more often

Netflix is great. I love being able to pass the time with movies in the palm of my hand.

Error 1.20 has been corrected, all is great again.

Message ::Open app again 100 times but never open

All shows have sound but screen is black

I love this app. It helps with passing time and catch up on my favorite movies.

Can't download show into my download and there is nothing in it

After the update I can't watch from phone to tv

Categories and language specific search need improvements.

Needs more TV-14 movies. Too many movies are TV-MA

No longer opens after the latest update.

I have it for both my tv and my phone

Why I can't sign in using Facebook

It keeps signing me out

What happened to the feature to add to my list?

I love that you can download shows to watch offline. This is an underrated feature.

OML I lovenetflix. I love watching my favorite shows anytime I just love the app all together great app❤❤❤❤ ❤ ❤

Love it never glitchy..perfect when I can't get it to work on my t.v

Why can't i delete my ' continue watching ' list.

Very good I like it. They got rid of some shows that i liked tho.

Miss the old mobile friendly version. .

Bring back my list!! Please

Best watching service ever has only show you ever need worth the money

The app is not opening at all

I like so much the updates

its netflix no meed to comment

No more TV since Netflix

Great for "netflix and chill" with any guy that I bring over to my house.

Stop the ads please or I will not use the app any more.

Não pode faltar no celular!!!

Great team,, but please tell the team of Smart TV app to update as well.

The best app since Youtube

Got this app on android, ios and, PlayStation. Its excellent on all 3!

This version of the app is excellent. It does everything I need it to do.

There's no display of content

Honestly this just needs to be free by this point...

Why did you removed bleach?

How do you make an account?

Uhhh i cant sign up

Thanks for considering suggestion. Great app now. From 2 stars to 5 stars

Its a Yes for me fam

Cant login poor apps

Fantastic! Needs more shows in Australia, keep us up with USA!

Season 4 for flash please

It was a pleasure to use this app

Buggy after recent update

I couldn't even use it

Never works on mobile

Benn A fan for years.

Netflix offers the best service for all ages. Can't get enough of it. Love it.

Gold gold

It's good but they should Add boruto dub plz

Thank you for bringing back the rewind/forward by 10 seconds!

I can't sign up

Love it I can watch my favorite movie and tv show

I like it...please keep the animes

A really good show is Dc legends of tommrow check it out

Overall good but should improve their liabrary and Aldo ui

Love the new update with 10second forword and back and next episode button

Its a good app to watch your favorite tv shows and movies on

That's an entertainment!

The new layout and the new features are so sweet and smooth. Worth paying for it.

There should not be an limit on downloading it should go off of storage space

10 second rewind and fast forward. Too much to ask for?

I love the app but they need to bring back high school musical!

Netflix is awesome.i would definitely recommend this too my friends and family

Nextflix all day ✌

Please bring back the fast forward and centered pause buttons.

I like Netflix 💙

It's a nice App but you have to pay monthly

Just try it!

Its was pretty good not great

Plz add more. Glitter forces i love it so plz

That's are I hope

👍👍👍

I so love netflix!!! I get to watch every show tthat i like!

Good usability and has casting feature to TV , what is great.

I love to watch movies and now I can

Watch movies!!

I Totally Dig It! :)

It logs out after every episode!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I think it should have more kid friendly movies

I love this app so much nothing else to say

Fantastic I use it when I travel wonderful to watch movies

It's good

Why i cant sign in ?

Great app I watch this more then I do cable

Is works grate

I like this app

Would love to have 1-touch 10/15-second fast forward.

the new updates suck

Lost in Space was great! Netflix originals are to of the line.

I love it it has all the TV shows I like I just love it

Its awsome!!!!!! So much movies and shows you can watch!!!!!!😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃

I would be happy if друг was my friend

It is cool to watch my favorite shows and movies on

I realy like it and my favorite movie is the visit

Its too good but should be fee for a month

Need the ability to recommend a movie to friends within the app

For me, you are doing great for this app.

I love stranger things

Don't want it

I wish I could cast trailers... Otherwise great.

Upgraded to a Sony Z2 and now have an audio sync issue.

Its perfect but not all the seasons

It's okay

My name Amit. Kumar.. apps.. Amy..g

I love netflix its family friendly

Best Hollywood Movie app in the world !

Good shows, simple interface. Well worth it.

easy to use and plenty of great choices 😍

Great service for movies watching. Superb

Awesome when u want to each movie's

Its a good add for watching movies on.

I love this app! I use Netflix, Everywhere!!!

Scam!!! Want payout!!!!

My kids love using Netflix.

It's just a very good app

Love it so much amazing thanks

Last update brings useful features

i love this app it is very easy to use

Get better movies and series broooooooooo

Its the best app i ever get

Very good app for the shows and movies

I love the greatest showman movie

I think its a great app

Amazing I use it every day

Great, is that short enough for you.

This is nice i really love it!

Its ok

I like this

you are horabble

It sucks

IT LIIIIIIIIIIIIT

SNIPER NINJA

Easy to use with good choice's.

I Love it,its amazing💗

It is better then hulu

This app is really cool

stress reliever good app

Love it, Netflix is amazing

yaya, it is goooooooood!

I love Netflix because if I miss a movie on TV I can watch it here 😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀

Everythings good but why no spongbob???🤔

0...stars

Love this is sick 🤕🤒😷🤑😨😧😦😦

Love it..keep it up.

Really really great:)

Great app!

We love it!

Its Awesome!!

It has awesome distract to it 😋😋😋😎😎😎😁😁😁🤗🤗🤗😜😜😜

Note 8 amazing

I love this app

Very very good

AWSOME i love this app

I love this app

One word. Love it.

Amazingly great app

I love the app

App is very helpful

I love Netflix

Good Love Great

I LOVE ITTTTTTT

Awesome app!! ♡♡

It's the best app ever😂😂🎩 😁 👕👍Great! 👖 🎩 😁 👕👍Great! 👖 🎩 😁 👕👍Great! 👖 🎩 😁 👕👍Great! 👖 🎩 😁 👕👍Great! 👖

I Love it 💞😊

Gucci

Awwwwweeessssoooooommmmmmeeeeeee

Nothing

EnterNetFlicks

It's addictive

I love it!!!!

Nice app 😀

Great!

Love it!

Um ...... Cool I guess🙌😏

AWESOME APP

It is good

Its good

Just great

Great app

Still the best

I love it

Love Netflix

Great App

Very good

It is amazing

Really good

Flawless streaming

great app

I love it

Great experience

Its amazing

Its cool...

Y'all are the best

Love love love

Love it💗

Love it. .

Love it...

Love it

Intresting

p e r f e c t

Great

Great

Amazing

love it

Good

Love it

good

Great

Amazing

loved it

Awesome

Love it

AMAZING

Excelent

Cool

Amazing

Interesting

love it

Love it

Awesome

Gooooooooooooooooood

Awesome

Awsome

Amazing

The new update sucks, It crashes and doesn't show subtitles sometimes and even if i close it, The audio plays in the background until force stopped

This new update cause the video to freeze and is unresponsive so you have to close it out.

Great up grade. Love the downloads I can watch offline

I wish there were more 90's shows, like the original full house

But don't have downloaded options

Can you please add futurama

How can I unsubscribe?

Keep it up Netflix...

It's so amazing and I like the movies they add

Good

Cool

Why can't I browse things to watch vertically? And why can I only watch things horizontally? Let me choose horizontal or vertical viewing and scrolling like every other app

Finaly after being unusable because of batery drain for months, a version that works as it supposed to work. 4 stars for a great app. Not 5 because for lack of responce when the app didn't work.

The update to fix the update ain't all that great. Still makes me log in constantly. Playback not like it used to be either. PLEASE TRY AGAIN. :/

The is a lot of film that doesn't have Indonesian subtitles, very bad. What the point you sell a premium account in Indonesia without full facilities. Fix this i will give 5 start.

App is in poor shape after the last few updates. Keeps disconnecting from Chromecast during playback

I had already really liked Netflix but I didn't like how it rewinded 30 sec Now that's there's 10 second rewinding and fast forward I'm happy

If you don't believe me install the app, it's the best movie app ever. Try it!

Should not withhold episodes just so it can keep you paying tbh it keeps u waiting when about three srasons are already out.Does it on purpose to make more money not fair.

The picture keeps going all jumbled and then it signs me out

I love it but the one con is you can't watch your shows as soon as you'd like

She wanted to watch Netflix and chill but I just wanted to watch Netflix for real

It logs me out all the time even half way through shows

WHEN ARE YALL GOING TO UPDATE SOME OF THE SERIES??? TIRED OF WAITING!!!!!

Netflix is an awesome app to watch any show you want as long as you pay monthly also it lets you download movies and shows to watch but you have to have to have enough storage

Kept crashing with chromecast while other apps worked perfectly!

Lackluster Google cast performance.

When I finish my show it stays in my continue watching and starts over.

Best -one word to describe ittttttttt😃

Lost all my downloads why

We need Doctor Who back

Bro his is best 👌

Amazballs loves it me do.

I just love it. It works perfectly! Thanks a lot folks.

I love the app and the fact that there are not adds

I love it

I watch Voltron on here, so it's great

Cool im enjoying movies

Fire App 🔥 🔥

Never use bad aap

Awesome

Greatflix

Excellent

Best App

I love it

Great

Great

netfix is grate for grabing a bag of chips and stitting the choch and pulling a all nighter with friends or family many populer shows and movies .

Make higher resolution available for s9 plus, also when you press the fill screen button I don't expect to pause it and for it to unfill the screen so I have to press it again

Please sing in

"Middle east version review" Great app if you like watching tv shows but if your in for the movies it has poor collection. i gave it 4 stars because occasionally it stops connecting to google chrome cast where i found myself needing to reboot booth chromcast and the app to get it works again

They took off family Guy and alot of my favorite. Shows so I think they should. Bring back Jessie Mighty Med lab rats family Guy and. Other shows that were taken of because lots of people miss the shows Netflix's takes off but it is a very good place to watch shows and movies

It's buggy as can be, it drops the connection to my Chromecast all the time. Makes it very difficult to enjoy a good superhero bingefest. Seems Netflix really wants me to have a Samsung phone. The idea that any app in the play store won't play well with a Pixel is absurd.

Horrible!!!! I used to love this app. In the last two days I have had to login more than ten times. Now when I try it keeps giving me an error message-unable to reach the service. But you have no trouble reaching my account every month to deduct my funds. I hate this update. Extreme frustrated.

Finally finally the battery problem has been resolved for me and I can actually use my device again. Please create a netflix plus where you pay extra but get access to all regional content, I would gladly pay double for it.

Long time user. On PC and Android. On Google Nexus 7 with updates now I can only download and watch. The app will no longer stream - sadly the fault is the app as Amazon Prime works quite well on the same device. The content is fine but please Netflix fix the app!!!

O how I just love singing back into Netflix multiple times a day for no reason.. I've done all trouble shooting including a factory reset of the device its been happening for a little over a week now. Fix it netflix!!!

This new UI is terrible. Where is the menu for the catagories and why isn't it material design? It's a 100% different layout then all other apps on android. Do you know how weird that makes using it? Its awful, please change it back. This is a huge step in the wrong direction.

I really HATE and DISLIKE the fact that if they are removing a film/series and I have it on my watchlist, they cannot tell me something like "removing on dd/mm/yyyy". That would really go a long way with users

Great app let's you watch many movies and shows and notifies when a new episode of your fave show is up and if new movies are on. Only downside is that here in England we are probs paying more for the subscription than in America for lesser shows 😕😀😀😀

Ridiculous, i guess hulu or something else will have to do... the app does not work on my phone it doesn't load it doesn't even pop up any movies on the screen. Hulu it is until you guys fix Netflix, hopefully cuz half of these subscribers will not come back to Netflix

I absolutely hate you got rid of the ratings and put in some idiotic thumbs up down. Your app sucks now. Also don't like the new bottom layout. Too hard to use one handed now. Swipe was good to keep everything on ok need side

I used to like this app. Recently it's been super pixelly and now when I try to fast forward or anything, it just logs me out. The new update is horrendous! I've been thinking of switching to Hulu recently. It may be time to make that switch if this keeps up.

Best watching app ever... I have Netflix on my t.v. YouTube and netflix is the only thing is watch. Only problem is i was watching a episode but then the whole series got deleted and it's kinda annoying because it keeps happening

Shuts down Randomly without my permission! Waited a few minutes. Checked update status, no problem detected. Cannot use. Bill paid in full, upon subscription. VERY VERY ANNOYED WITH NETFLIX!! Moblie phone application

Lgv30 here. Some selections like Lost In Space, Daredevil, and various other ones have a dark yellow/red tint. While other selections like Stranger Things come in perfectly clear. The app ismt working properly on my phone

The app is now showing everything in a non HD being that looks bad. I am really upset with that. I don't know if it's because of the new update or if it's just how Netflix is going top be now, but I am really upset about it.

Love Netflix but hate the app. There must have been an update recently because it works horribly. I've never had an issue until now. Keeps crashing; shows pixelated, glitchy images; signs me out when it feels like it. PLEASE FIX ASAP OR I WILL CANCEL MY SUBSCRIPTION

Frustrated with the subtitle settings!!! Learn from Amazo Prime pls!! I mean why the hell I need to go to app settings to change subtitle font??? Also it has only 3 font sizes..the largest covers yours screen and to read the smalles you may need mini Binoculars!

I always stream shows and movies from my phone to my T.V using chromecast. Recently, The app has not been functioning correctly with streaming. At first, i thought it was the chromecast, but I was able to connect everything else without a problem. Netflix, please fix.

Please fix the quality of your videos when using sony xperia xa ultra phone. It's too pixelated and low quality videos when playing online via wifi. Please make the video quality under sony xperia xa ultra phone full hd

Netflix doesn't have good movies at all, not even from a few years back. Also new episodes from tv shows are never on netflix, even though they are already aired. Netflix is a terrible purchase!

New update is confusing at times, cast button in a super awkward spot and gets pressed accidentally often. There is no way to disconnect if you are casting, pause and stop buttons freeze consistently.

Movie choices are not so great. The same movies stay on for too long. 1 out of 8 movies are ok. 2 out of 10 stand up comedians are good. The rest seems very outdated and very low budget selections.

Don't even bother I have downloaded this a couple times and it sucks on LG Optimus. Always lagging and buffering minutes into a tv show. Also the screen will turn black randomly. Netflick please fix this!

It has two errors for mine: it logs me out them I have to uninstall the app and reinstall it, or I have to restart my phone. This is after closing the app every time. I do love the movies and TV shows though

Just did the update and it sucks. It logs me out and when I go to sign in it says my info is wrong when I know FOR A FACT it is not. Please fix this...not paying for it to not be able to be used. Once fixed I'll fix my review .

Only 1 problem. When downloading shows or movies, the sound quality is really low. Even when you download high quality. I've tried various devices, iPhone, LG, Samsung with earphones. I have the volume up to 100% and sound is still low. Any way to improve?

Does what it says it will which, in today's pool of glitchy broadcaster apps, makes that even more appreciated. The ability to download for later viewing is a great feature. And not specific to the app, but for Netflix in general, I think they are doing a good job of producing movies and series.

you raise your rate.. but only add bollywood or b and c grade movies. how about some goddamn american movies!! Rarely do you add any top shelf movies. your search engine sucks. what the hell does captain underpants have in common the heat!!?? netflix as a whole, you suck.

It just gets stuck on netflix screen. I dont see anything exvept for the netflix brand in the center of my screen. I have been using it for a few weeks without any issues until now.

I wrote an unfavorable review for this in 2015. It's a come a long way since! Easy to navigate, same layout as online. Only thing is doesn't have is the skip intro button. Which I don't mind too much. Very convenient.

Since the last few updates it's becoming unwatchable.constantly shuts the app down and logs me out. Cant even skip the theme songs or recaps. It's enough to make me want to cancel my services

I would have given this a 5 because it normally works perfect but for the past TWO months it keeps logging me out randomly and making me sign in 5 million times, this has to stop ASAP or i'm just deleting it all for good. It's beyond annoying now!

not enjoying this new update. It's not letting me continue my subscription and is telling me I need to re-upload my card detaild and yet declining it every time I try. Haven't been able to get back on since.

After the past two updates, it signs me out all the time and is getting annoying! I'm paying money for this and want it to be fixed! Was way better before. Fix and I will give 5 stars.

I love netflix but after the update. It keeps signing me out every couple minutes. It happens if the video has trouble loading or even if I'm in the middle of a show. Randomly signs off..please fix!

Good app. But sadly the content does not update on Galaxy S4. When there are new episodes and seasons the app does not load it in. Unless I reinstall the app. Then I get the latest content. But reinstalling the app and and logging in to the app every day/week is really annoying.

I keep getting an error message. I loved the app up until the last update. Now everytime that I want to watch a show or movie I get a 5.2 error and it won't play. This happens even if I close the app and reopen it. I'm forced to restart my phone every time... please fix this!

Loss of one star for shameless plug in update. Rather then actually telling us what was updated and improved, we get a one liner and then a plug about their latest move/show....

NO VIDEO! I love this app! I would've given it five stars but I've been having issues watching shows on my phone as of late. I can hear audio playback but the video won't show 😡 It's just a black screen with audio and captions SMH I've tried contacting Netflix to fix the issue with no success.

The best app to stream but it has been glitchy since the last update with green pixels at the beginning of the episode or complete greenscreen with audio running. I love the app but we are paying to have something functional. Please fix this thanks.

Please provide forward and backward buttons for some 10s.... Or enable double tap function forwarding like YouTube.. it is very difficult to drag the line... Hence one star less..

Why did I have to restart my phone to be able to use the app? 'Device failure occurred..restart the phone'. My phone didn't fail - the app failed. I've never had an app tell me I have to restart my phone to be able to use it.

Idk why everyone is complaining. They have a wide selection of shows and movies. They don't have many big title names, but it's one of the few apps that doesn't interrupt your show with a ton of adds. Plus you can skip the intro now. Always fun

Still not working. The app gets stuck on the loading screen on my Galaxy Tab S2 SM-T710 after the last 3 updates. It does work on my wife's Galaxy Tab S2 SM-T713.

Why is Netflix Canada so bad for selection? A movie here and there added amd taken away. Looks like we better get used to Netflix originals for the future. Which aren't to bad but there's millions of movies our there and were only seeing hundreds at most.

I updated the app today and anytime I try to log in it keeps telling me 'can't connect' and to think I have a very good internet connection. Please fix it so I give you 5 stars. Thank you!

If it would stop asking if I'm still here after watching several episodes, it'd have five stars. But instead, I have to get my lazy ass up and press play again.

The app used to work very well up until recently. Now it constantly signs me out and the picture jumbles up. Hopefully it'll be fixed in the next update!

Since it updated i cant pay my account and watch movies i have emailed still no response. And the only way to pay is through Google play. Its a joke.

It is not working can you guys tell Netflix it is not letting me wach it at all. So please tell them or I shall put you guys out of business. 😀

I hate the app because you took the movie categories out, is like I'm getting less and paying more now that you increased prices. The recommended doesn't cut it by it self, bring the categories back.

This new Netflix is buggy at best. Using the app is like pulling teeth. The application does not remember what your watching constantly restarts while casting with Google chrome. I'm very upset because we pay for this service. Stop paying Adam Sandler and get your tech team more funds

Which Einstein within Netflix team decided that putting the menu at the bottom of screen is a good idea. Every time u scroll the poor positioning of menu switches the function away from home. Why fix it if it ain't broke?

Netflix will occasionally crash on my Razer Gaming phone and cause it to reboot. Would hope it is just a app thing as it is only Netflix that does it. Sad to be honest...Awaiting patch to fix this issue.

Why would you remove the categories option from the menu? Now you have to know what your looking for, where as before i could just browse. Usually i dont know what i feel like watching, thats why i signed up to netflix in the first place. Bring it back please!

After the most recent update, when I tried watching the Big Bang Theory, the audio and video were not in sync.... This problem needs to be corrected

I ONY HAVE ONE APP AND I CANT INSTALL NETFLIX- IT'S USED TO BE GREAT NOW IT'S.... JUST UGH! SO STRESSFUL! I LOVE NETFLIX AND HAVE A MEMBER SHIP BUT IT WON'T LET ME INSTALL IT!

This keeps logging me off right when I start watching a movie. The video looks very disoriented and doesn't play right. This app used to work fine. I think I will delete this app until they fix this issue

I was wondering if you could enable, start - pause action with just one tap on anywhere on screen not just tiny little button on the corner? And as you consider, rewind 30 seconds are much what about 5 seconds or adjustable?

No option to skip seconds forward or backward. This is a requirement for better user experience. Please don't substitute mouse interactions into touch ui. Also difficult to search for specific languages in search page. Please fix these.

Since the last update it is no longer working on my android device. It kicks me out of the app once I try to play a video. I am truly disappointed because I have been with netflix for 6 years and it's been almost a week and this problem isn't fix. I am considering canceling netflix.

Web and app layout is user friendly, playback is pretty smooth too but unavailability of major titles is a big deterrent for me to buy its subscription. Why this discriminatory behaviour Netflix India?

Can't skip ahead without being signed out. Exit show to watch something else get signed out. I feel like there is always an issue with your apps whether is on my phone or PS4.

Its is awful because there ia not any good movies or shows in my region. when are you going to upload the "big bang theory " ??

Its amazing.... Do u know what, its so good, I don't even have to say much... BUT!! EVERYTIME I COME OUT OF THE APP THEN I COME BACK IN IT ALWAYS SIGNS OUT, CAN U JUST SIGN IN UNTIL I ACTUALLY SIGN OUT MYSELF!! ITS ACTUALLY ANNOYING

It's a great service and I'm not going to cancel my subscription... I just wish that when I actually want to watch something Netflix wouldn't continuously sign me out of my account and make me log back in.

I normally don't complain about apps because most of them are free I pay for this one so please fix whatever this bug is. The screen is all jumbled and keeps kicking me out. Thank you

Avicii true story is on Netflix but not in my country, I love Netflix but not understand why you are so stupid! Do you know how much I recommend Netflix???

It used to be great, and then it got better and then it got a whole lot worse. Recently it's been freezing randomly and it keeps signing me out randomly. Not sure what's going on, but until it's fixed I'm only giving it 2 stars

This app repeatedly fails to load anything as of the most recent update. I only give 1 star for the catalogue netflix makes available. The app itself, 0 stars.

Rarely do I find a movie I am interested in. It does stream to Chromecast fine. I do have a hard time stopping it though. It seems that another device picks it up after I stopped it on the original.

Everything just fine until you use it on known smartphone or TV box like Amazon Fire Stick. If you are going to use it on not known android TV device from China you will not be able to stream in HD quality.

Why on earth you made it so difficult to navigate the collection, it seems like you dont wanna let people find what they wanna see. A simple grid year wise layout and tabs on genera would have made wounders. WHY NOT???

On chromebook it corrupts downloaded files and then won't play anything until it is uninstalled (losing all the downloaded content) and reinstalled. This is seen as a valid solution by customer services but not so good if you have planned to use it while away from home with limited internet.

I have reinstalled this app several times since it stopped working from the last update. My tablet has android marshmello 6.0 on it. It was working fine till the last update 04.2018. Please put up an app/update that works.

The Chromecast connectivity has become an horror. Netflix makes my Chromecast brain freeze... :( No issues with other apps...

It's constantly kicking me off and making me sign in again. I have uninstalled/reinstalled and it hasn't helped. I pay for this service so I can use it, not to have to deal with this mess.

Just because my profile doesnt allow me to watch things for 18 or older doesnt mean i have to watch ONLY things for little kids. That's extreme annoying.

No doubt the app is great as well as service . The only thing is that Netflix introduced a feature to forward or backward the video for 10 secs. Which was really great but now after the update it is gone. Netflix can you please bring it back.

The app worked great before the last update. It's useless now. UPDATE: Fix, update, mess it up, repeat...

Love Netflix but this app keeps getting worse. Takes forever to load shows, when it finally does the picture is all scattered and blurry for a few mins, then in the middle of watching it signs me out. Now I'm signed out and it won't let me back in. Says that it can't reach Netflix service.

Will give more stars once I stop getting kicked off and have to keep signing in after about 2 episodes. I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and I still keep getting kicked off. And the pictures keeps getting scrambled up when you start to watch it.

Don't even bother. Forgets your password, though you just reset it a couple days ago. Worthless app.

Netflix is good if you live state side. But here in NZ we have bugger all content. Since the addition of blocking VPNs I can't watch all the great content anymore.

The app keeps logging me out about 60 seconds after I pull it up. The streeming is choppy at the beginning of every episode. There is a break in the streaming towards the end of every eoisode. I love this app when it works smoothly.

Is it just me or has the app stopped working completely? I get the black screen with the Netflix logo but that's as far as it gets. Please do something.

Please get rid of the god awful bottom menu bar. Ugly as hell and just gets in the way. Design of the previous version was infinitely better

I just could not stop using the app, more addictive than TV at home. Just want some UI addidtions in the player like quick forwarding and backwarding like ones in YOUTUBE. Also some neat tricks and features in the player are welcomed.

Used to be awesome before this stupid update/downgrade. Signs you out constantly and may all that is holy forbid you try and skip parts of a show. My rating will change when you fix what you broke. And my membership of 4 years will be terminated completely if this isnt fixed soon!

Used to be good, but now i can't sign in on my phone. Keeps saying "Sorry, but we can't reach the Netflix service. Please try again later. (-80) "

I cant watch anything even tho i have an amazing connection. I mean, icould open YouTube, iflix, tribe, etc. But i cant stream anything in this god damn app

Very helpful on-call Support Staff! Had a problem late at night and called the support team, a man named Ian answered my call within seconds and was very helpful. Typical Netflix, always amazing! Great job folks.

This app WAS really good until a few days ago it started saying that there was something wrong with the video whenever I try to play h2o just add water. PLEASE FIX THIS I LOVE H2O

I love Netflix in general it has worked so well until the recent update it keeps logging me out on my phone and skips some parts with pixelated screen plz fix soon other than that this app is amazing

Keeps logging me out and then telling me it can't load the show. Having trouble casting to chromecast too when YouTube works just fine. Please fix!! Thinking of cancelling subscription as this is pretty much paying for nothing.

The app used to work great on my Samsung Galaxy but now it has me logging in multiple times an episode. Super frustrating

Why did Netflix remove the ability to stream to Google Chrome? Now I can't watch it on my tv! Horrible!

For weeks now i have not been able to use the app. Just keep getting a cannot connect to netflix msg even though my service is fine and the app is up to date.

Can you add a dark background to subtitles reading text on light scenes is difficult on mobile phones. Also the new GUI is a step backwards, try skipping to the next episode now and why can't I skip intro when casting...so frustrating

I use a s8, ever since I did the update I can't watch more than 2 episodes before it logs me out. Nor can I fast forward without it getting all green and glitchy. Also when doing that too I get logged out. Please put it back to the old version, Netflix.

Doesn't have the simpsons, I'm getting a refund. But seriously, terrible selection of shows and movies. Worth your money if you like Netflix originals I guess.

I love Netflix. But the app is Terrible. I have to reinstall from time to time. Where is the good in that? Please fix it. Why is it like that? I have other apps they work all the time no problem. But Netflix always a bug.

Does not work well with Google Chromecast. It does not cast and freezes randomly when I try to cast from Pixel 2xl. This could be an issue with Chromecast rather than Netflix. But would like to bring to your attention.

God awful app with a lot of bugs. Takes ages to download something. Learn from youtube how to make an app.

I hate the fact i have to pay to watch movies. I just want to watch twilight over and over again. Ugh.

Netflix is the best. I know it. I was honestly looking for something else, but you can forget all else. Netflix is lonely on top, far above the others. You won against the competitors. 🙂

Was fantastic and a 5 star app but recently the picture keeps getting jumbled up and it keeps signing me out. Very aggravating. Edit: Now one star. It won't even play anything now. I just get a loading screen until it logs me out. What am I even paying for anymore?

I love Netflix and it works great most of the time, however since it updated last, everything plays about 2x speed. I don't know if this is new like how once can do it on YouTube, but I never chose it and can't find any way of turning it back to normal speed.

All it does is freeze every five minutes have to exit out just to watch the same thing. Sorry there is good stuff but not worth the wait! Go hulu.

Netflix keeps changing the UI, and isn't getting any better. The AI that shows related movies or series comes up with ridiculous suggestions. Netflix is great, but the app is only mediocre.

Worked fine before most recent update now app won't open at all. Have deleted and installed again about 5 times now. So please fix this problem.

It won't let me log in even tho everything is correct. I can log in on anything but the app. And it was good for so long. Logged me out now I can't use it.

Bring back the Android design and get rid of that awful iOs one. Or give us the choice. I am not using a Nexus to get that unusable Apple design.

The full screen controls for Chromecast are clipping under the notification bar and bottom toolbar at times. UI has been very buggy lately with Chromecast and can be inaccessible at times.

Most of the time this app is totally fine, but after last update, it keeps crashing and logging me out every time I start something new, plus the video is super pixels for the first minute or so of watching. Fairly annoying, hopefully it get fixed soon.

Great for shows BUT have to keep uninstalling and re-installing every time I close the app to open and start watching again. Extremely frustrating.

Very good app. But there is no english dub at all for most of the anime. There is no dragon ball, the big bang theory and friends. Consider these things and the app will be flawless.

Love it, use for my anime, but sometimes it crashes and kicks me out of the episode, and sometimes app, with good connection. That ticks me off. Please fix for mobile. Have a good day.

Updating the app corrupts any downloads I already have. I am now on a long trip without the movies I thought I had. Please could you fix this issue?

use to work well but new version keeps logging me out or just doesn't work . I can't download or watch anything without getting some error message. ..very dissatisfied

Latest update won't play anything, just constant loading screen. I use Netflix all the time but right now I'm paying for nothing. Please fix this.

Same as most everyone else. Logs me out automatically every time I jump around in a movie. Also takes wayyyyy to long to load. Why can I stream YouTube in 1440p but Netflix takes 5 min just to start

My Netflix app keeps freezing while the words are still playing and then the app signs me out and I have to go through signing in again. This just keeps happening.

It's a cool app but not enough shows, at least in my country.. Sometimes it uploads episodes really slow AND PLEASE GIVE US SUPERNATURAL IN THE NETHERLANDS, lots of friends of mine love the series but don't watch it cause it isn't on Netflix so that would be awesome!

Just an excellent app. Great selection and well worth the monthly subscription cost. I highly recommend use with a Chromecast or other screen mirroring device so you can watch your show/movie on your TV.

THE DEVELOPERS STILL DIDN'T ADD THE FEATURE TO LET U VIEW THE CONTENT'S AUDIO LANGUAGE & SUBTITLE OPTIONS, (BEFORE) U HIT PLAY... LAZY & STUPID DEVELOPERS, SMH

Netflix is fabulous! No commercials and awesome documentaries, movies and series anytime you want to watch 24 hours a day 7 days a week!

Not too bad ..alot of t.v. series but i only got 1 t.v. series but looking the shows up and i found there are another 2 even 3 series. As for the movies the sound is awful.

This app used to work fine with chromecast, now after updating it constantly cuts out and stops working on everyone's phones in my family... Like every 5mins!! I'm seriously considering getting rid of my subscription unless this gets fixed

hey. can you remove the limitation for downloading movies??? i still have a lot of storage but its saying that i have downloaded too many movies which is true since i want to watch without waiting for streaming to buffer.

I love Netflix, but could be better... ➖ The ability to fast forward 10 sec ➖ The ability to watch a trailer ➖ Put the audio information, that way I know the language available before. Do does thing and Netflix will be excellent! 😁

The app has been really good up until this latest update that has made it unusable. I cannot sign into Netflix any more. A fix is needed urgently

Gliched and doesn't play video properly as of right now. The new rating system isn't that great; now I just Google movie titles.

After the last update, I have to re sign in several times just while trying to watch a movie. Use to be great, fix this and I'll give a 5

I signed in, but it always says that my password is incorrect when in fact I wrote the correct one. Really annoying

it's okay, but sometimes it glitches to the point where the screen is unintelligible while I'm watching a show or movie. the captions stay and the show/movie keeps playing, but i can't see what happens on the screen for a few minutes

Recent update makes me unable to watch anything. Video and sound lose sync and it signs me out.

Just not a great app for Android. Where is a the fast forward button? What kind of movie app in 2018 doesnt have a ff button

Gave 2 stars because for the past 2 weeks when I play a show it pauses and then unpauses on it's own. So friggin annoying....

The app kicks me out & I have to login when I try to view a video. SO I PAY FOR THIS APP FOR IT TO NOT WORK?

The colour tones on my Samsung Note 8 goes weird. Kind of like a muted film over when I start to watch content.

I HATE IT..jk I love Netflix but why, why did u take down Bones???? It was my favorite show. Please put it back on

I've gone from 4 to 5 star movies to thumbs down every 5 minutes. Can't find anything good anymore.

Bye bye Netflix. You hired liar Susan Rice ( video caused Benghazi). I do not expect that Communist, Susan Rice, will be changing any of her dumb moves!

Everything stays the same on Netflix, no new movies ever pop up. Even in search, it only gives you related movies. Definitely not as good as Fire Stick or others that change up the movie options

Please please PLEASE add a playback speed option, like YouTube, please. Some of us, Like me, are habituated to watching content at 1.5x speeds.

Really great no ads they put in old shows like Pokémon my favorite is stranger things good movies and shows if you don't have Netflix get it it's amazing

This is a great app to watch on the go shows and movies. The Netflix originals are also great. I've had a few glitches on my other device but overall a convenient app.

와이파이환경이 구리면 화질도 당연히 안 따라주는 건데 ㅎㅎ.. 포켓파이에선 고화질로 잘 터져요 피시에서도 웹으로 잘 보고 있습니다.. 컨텐츠가 아직 미묘하지만 다음 업데이트 기대하고 있어요 좋은컨텐츠가 많지만 다른 나라에서 서비스 하는 컨텐츠도 빨리 볼 수 있다면 좋겠습니다

I love the app, the only problem is I can't search any genre like before. They took off that feature. Please fix that

Hate the fact that they force me to get any app which glitch or really often even doesn't work on my android :/ I want to go true my browser which has never failed me!!! Please stoop forcing Ur app on ppl.

The app never works right. I have to struggle and fight with it for 10 to 15 minutes just to get a video playing correctly on my Chromecast.

I am unable to download shows or anything, even when I have all of my downloads deleted. Is there any help ? Because this was one of the major reasons for me to get netflix ; offline downloads

Overall, love Netflix - who doesn't... But, I wish the app had more settings... I rather it not pause the video when I draw down the notifications bar. It would be nice to multitask with it too, I do this with so many other streaming apps.

It's nice to have something to watch on my phone while I'm driving. Turn settings to "No Interruptions" so you don't get interrupted with texts. Set the phone on the dash and if you go. Kidding... Put the phone away when you drive.

One of the recent updates resulted in the app constantly draining my batter, even when completely closed. I believe it's the new notifications function continually looking for updates and shows even when the app is turned off.

Everytime i open the app for the first time and watch something, it gets in my show or movie about 5 mins in the freezes, restarts my phone then works flawlessly, needs fixing as if you want a five star rating, fix the bugs you get told

After the latest update the app is completely broken on my s7 it says it can't connect to Netflix server before the update it worked perfectly fix it seriously.

After this last update, it keeps kicking me out of my account. And when it does log in. Nothing will play, an error message keeps popping up. Please fix this issue or there's no point in keeping my account.

seriously what does Netflix app need activity recognition for? why should it matter whether I'm walking, running, in vehicle, or still?! I hope this is not another big creepy tech company collecting more data points.

Very good app for TV and movie entertainment, much better than other available ones. But too costly.

Frustrating. Keeps logging me out, and lags. Please fix the issue. Based on other reviews, there are plenty of affected users.

it isn't really up to date on films. Add more movies and I'll rate 5 stars

I'd give 5 stars if The Flash and Rick & Morty seasons are complete there are 3 season in rick and morty but theres only 2 here and there are more then 2 seasons of The Flash but there is only 2.

Doesn't not always record a finished movie or episode forcing me to scroll the time bar and then keeps booting me out if I scroll through the play time to find where I was last at.

The app is great. Runs smoothly. But I need the last seasons of Naruto desperately. And I also need Naruto Shippuden. Netflix step up your game.

I like the app but HATE the fact that the second a movie gets popular they TAKE IT OFF OF NEXFLEX!! HATE IT WITH A PASSION!!😤😤😤😤 Like mean girls, you took it off and I will never forgive you!! Please fix that NOW!!

Always loved the netflix app. Will revisit the 5 star once I have the ability to resize its window on pixelbook instead of being forced full screen.

The recent update keeps crashing and asking me to sign in. Note 8 on Oreo. It was flawless before but now its frustrating

I wish you could put shows on like highlander and vikins and game of thrones because most of what you have is eather dumb to watch or have seen many times. Thank for fixing this issue

Newest update sucks. Kids are quite happily watching Netflix on DVD player, but on our android phones it won't even let us log in. Please fix the issue.

I love Netflix. There is so many movies to pick from. My only complaint is the lack of good horror movies.

When im watching films my video just froze in place but the audio keeps going. Bunch of lazy bumbs that dosent even put effort in updates

App is fabulous. Just one complaint, it support picture in picture mode then why not split screen support?

We use Netflix every day. My husband binge watches older TV shows and I like documentaries

I loved it at first, but then it stopped working! I seriously don't know what is wrong with the app.

I hate that this has only streaming ability. I would love to be able to add newer movies to my cue through this app.

The app won't allow me to play any shows or movies. Please fix this issue.

the updated version of this keeps crashing really disappointed with this. loved it before, hate it now

I love it but who controls the Netflix app and why do they keep taking off other good shows like goosebumps the movie, rl Stine's the haunting hour whoever controls the app can they plz put back these shows they're really good so plz I hope u can put em back on!

Love Netflix and this update. Buuutt I wish when you watched the "new episodes", that went away.

I updated the app today (04/19/2018) and I keeps logging me out and I have to keep logging back in and its super anoying

I love it! It gives me a variety of movies/shows to watch! I think you should check out N etflix! They also put movies in a month or so later after a new movie is released so of you didn't watch that movie you really wanted to watch in theater's then Netflix is the place to ho!

I have always loved Netflix, I am a big fan of the casting capabilities and the ability to download movies and shows to your own personal library, and I am very glad they have put navigation buttons on the top, to allow you to search for shows or movies. And easily find something new to watch.

I got an email from netflix that i got one month subscription free but when i signed up they asked my payment information so it was mandatory and money cut off from my account instead after completion of 1 month free trial they charged me now only pls resolve my return

It will load on any device but my phone. I am always connected via Wi-Fi and I kicks me out the app and says device failure. I've uninstalled the app and reinstalled it multiple times. Any ideas ?

I have been using netflix for a long time and it is a great but i feel that the fact that other apps such as plex prime video and youtube surpass in the face that netflix cant do a multi view display which is important for me i do alot of work on my phone and utilise this feature alot

No HD/HDR content on Huawei Mate 10 Pro or P20 Pro in the UK, but european customers seem to be able to playback HDR content so why not uk users, we still paying for the uhd service so why block it

It keeps logging me out each time I try to adjust the time and the image starts out heavily pixilated

What happened?!?! I can't cast to my TV with sound anymore, only video. And I know it's not my Chromecast either because it works just fine with YouTube, my own videos, and other movies I had on my phone. Please fix ASAP! Thank you.

It's a good app and I like it really is do but I need to put some comment on some Korean series 😐😏 The movies are good thought😊😉 keep the good work guys 😊😉

Amazing app! This is all we use in my house; always has good movies and or TV shows to watch. You can have multiple accounts, and you can set it to have only kid friendly shows. All in all I would highly recommend!

Works okay but locks my phone up and doesn't want me to exit. Also, sometimes when I exit the app and turn my phone off the audio from the next episode of a show will start playing. I have to turn my phone back on, open the Netflix app and stop the episode from playing again.

After the update they no longer respect your settings. They will send push notifications with stupid sounds even if you turn them off. Only way to fix this is ban all notifications from Netflix.

It keeps logging off my account with no reason at all. Hope it will be fixed in the next update. Sometimes the screen shows just grey and green pixels and nothing of the movie or series I'm watching, while the sound and subtitles are correct.

This app won't stay logged in. Everytime I pause I am dumped out again. And I can't watch it from the browser because it is forcing me to download this sucky app

Keep getting signed out everytime I pause a video to do something, then return to it.

Only since the last update, I have been experiencing multiple logout occurrences while using the back button on my phone, delays in loading videos, even downloaded ones, and about 10 to 15 seconds of pixelated video every time something loads or restarts.

I'm still waiting on the day Netflix allows us to read and write reviews on shows/movies inside the mobile app. The star system alone doesn't give me the details I want on each show/movie.

The App since the latest update only plays the audio but the video is frozen. The app constantly logs me out and I have not been able to watch Netflix for about 2 weeks now on my mobile device (galaxy s8+)

There needs to be an option to set stereo as default and not 5.1 it causes audio sync issues with chromecast

The app is good, no problem watching movies and tv shows, but there isn't an option to watch trailers. Can you add this feature to the netflix app?

This app worked well on my Samsung Nook S2 tablet until the dreaded update around 4/17/18. Now it will not work and this stinks. Netflix has forced me to use Hulu. Please fix this problem or you lose more customers.

Why are millennial programmers ruining EVERYTHING with every update THEY make!!! Why is not compatible now with chromecast when it was perfectly working, WHY????!!!

How it happened that the app don't have a forward rewind and backward set to only 30 seeds? Also application never remembers subtitles preferences for me (even in case of a single episode).

The new update SUCKS! It auto signs me out every time I try to go back or forward during a show or even skip the intro. Also screen glitches the first 10 seconds when you start a show. Gotta fix orget canceling soon.

Been with Netflix over 3 years now and would be lost without the service. Gives me something to do when my other half watches boring man shows

BUGS! I've been trying to get onto netflix but can't seem to access anything! It tells me the netflix server is unable to be reached at this time. I WILL STOP PAYING IF I CAN'T WATCH WHAT I PAY FOR.

I.love it and it's so easy to use and I never have a problem with it. But it sometimes says sorry Netflix has stopped

I am giving this one stars because I am angry at the lack of options lately. Most of the movies are B movies or foreign movies. Too many foreign movies!!! NEEDS an option to select so it won't show you foreign movies. Also then Netflix originals are starting to get bad too. Step up your game.

Good collection but pathetic app. Not very convenient for binge watchers.

My daughter has been using this since she was 1 easy to use has all her favorite shows no one else does like boss baby shower Masha and bear worth the money

Since the last update its been freezing and closes on my samsung s8. So when i go back onto app it ask me for username and pass word. Took away 2 stars for that.

I need to unistall and install Netflix every 2 days now on my phone. Why is keep signing out and when i try to sign back in it doesnt recognize my password?

Constantly kicks you out and you have to log in over and over again. Use to be good but now it's so annoying

After the new updated it keeps kicking me out and making me sign in again and it's getting really frustrating, especially since I'm paying for it, it shouldn't be doing this

Netflix doesn't seem to care about English speaking users as much as they use to. I wanted a movie steaming app not a comic book where you miss half of the movie reading. I know it isn't all Netflix but if you call a movie a Netflix original put up some money for the dub.

I have a new phone Samsung Galaxy S8 and Netflix is not compatible with this device. Whenever I try to watch something it shows a green screen without playing the movie. The sounds is ok but no pic. I tried to reinstall the app but still no results. Can you please fix this issue?

I LOVE Netflix I LOVE binge watching TV shows. I have to pay little for Netflix because I have Netflix on Us from T-Mobile. All my favourite Tv shows are here. I very much suggest on my block for teens

Ever since the new update i keep having to login back in ever time i click on the app to watch something. Then a error message pops up and i have to restart the app anyways.

Why did shows I was watching disappear from 'Continue Watching' and now I can't find them on Netflix? I finished an episode and the show vanished before I could watch the next. Confused and annoyed.

Absolutely love Netflix! I'm not a TV person but then I do want to watch TV, I turn on Netflix! Wide variety of movies and shows to watch. They also have a rich selection of foreign and independent movies. For the price and convenience, it's worth the money!

I have had multiple incidences where the app has caused my phone to restartwhen watching both online and offline. Am on samsung galaxy 7 edge

Ever since the update, the app keeps freezing in the middle of an episode and forces me to sign back in each time. For a service I'm paying $11/month for, this should not be happening.

I love netflix because it still has tvd and im obsessed....which means that i can watch it over..and over..and over again!! ....Please dont get rid of it...

I think Netflix is cool but it took off my favourite movies and now I can't watch them anymore. Other than that everything else is okay but during so episodes of my favourite tv show it skips parts.

Normally NetFlix has always worked really well, but lately it's been signing me out when I choose to watch the next episode, or when I lock my phone and then come back to continue watching it.

Its a cool app I gave it four stars only because you guys got rid of my two favorites which was ghost adventures and the movie dope but I just really wamt ghost adventures back on maybe with some new seasons please

New update screwed the pooch. Crashes everytime i fast forward.

Its been logging me out i have updated it everything but still i curse my fate y did i bought your premium hd pack

It's amazing I love it just one very annoing thing . I watch Riverdale and one day I opened Netflix and season two of Riverdale was only to episode nine and it still like this FIX IT. Another thing that happened is that "on my block" and "Alexa and Kate" they are just gone I can't find them!!!

the app doesn't work on my phone :( help it keeps crashing even before i open the app

Controlling playback while using chromecast is bad, only buttons are start, stop and go back 30 seconds, which means you have to stop casting, go to the point you want to, then start casting again, if you want to play from beginning for example.

I love Netflix, but they don't have all the shows I want to watch and don't release the most updated seasons of shows. Love it still tho

It was working well then all of the sudden my downloads became glitchy and the resume function has stopped. And then an error pops up and and i get logged out.

I love netflix, and there's so little ppl who don't like it I also love why u can get it on laptop computer tv and phone . It has 100 million downloads too, but the only thing is when it reaches 25 or gets laggy I hate that part, please fix it

I love Netflix, but over time Netflix has been deleting all the good shows like Bob's burgers, futurama, Cleveland show etc. And I'm starting to not enjoy this app, please change Netflix.

Everything is okay except the fact that some tv shows are too late to be uploaded. Please air them as soon as they came out..not after several months!!

Okay for people who doesnt watch a lot of movies but for those who subscribe so they could watch a lot, i wouldnt recommend it, Netflix doesnt have a lot of movies at all and the most shows arent up to date

The app doesnt work I only get 5.10 errors when I try to watch anything

It's alright. Wish they put in new movies and new series besides the same old. Kinda getting tired of Netflix. Waste of my money. Thinking of buying me a kodi or a fire stick that's jailbroke.

After the recent update I was unable to view certent shows that I was in the middle of watching. Even though it is in the kids section I do hope that you change it back to the way it used to be. If it was there before what's your reason for removing it now.

Ever since the update it constantly signs me out, sometimes even when I use the skip intro button, screen freezes, and general clunkiness are some more issues, all since the new update.

I very much like Netflix but they no longer have current movie releases thru the app. It's become all about netflix originals. Just sad.

Boo this app suck like my poo ke poo! why do you have to pay money

For some reason whenever the app gets updated, the screen gets really distorted for about 5 seconds, and I get signed out of the app every few episodes for no reason.

Video to voice lag is ridiculous. The app continually shutsdown and goes to the sign in page every time you go from pause to play. Videos are pixelated when first starting.

Great overall, but continue to have "error playing this video" problem. Makes app hard to enjoy.

Can't get app to work. Using Galaxy S8. Have uninstalled and reinstalled several times. Netflix help guide useless. Apparently Netflix did not allow access due to me using a VPN.

App signs you out of the account everytime you skip intro or move the slider around. Load times are horrendous. Watching on galaxy s8+ on 300mbps wifi.

Streaming button is missing most of the time so i cant stream to my chromecast etc. Have to turn my phone off 3 or 4 times till it appears

Unable to sign up. Subscription price is too high. Wastage of time. Unless you choose a plan, they won't let you see anything. No free video samples. Absurd. I don't like their policy.

The app is great! But I'd want a +30 seconds option too. And also the choice to remove any unwatched movies/shows from the list that gets generated during our watch-time. Thanks!

After the new upgrade the sound has noise and sometimes gone. Not really good quality.

With the new update Netflix keeps signing me out, messes up for the first few minutes when I play something. Needs to be fixed asap!!

Stopped working, just force closes, download Hulu, it'll work

Overall I enjoy the app easy to use. I have had a major issue of being signed out for no reason.

Excelente, Netflix explotado al 100% en mi móvil. El único fallo y que quiero que arreglen es agregar una función de bloqueo de pantalla, para que mientras vemos el contenido no nos saludamos de la app, adelantemos la película o cometamos otros errores accidentalmente.

when I try to open the app offline to watch my downloads, it gives me an error that Netflix can't be reached. this didn't happen before latest update.

Ever since the most recent update the app has been logging me out all the time and the quality of the video is not as good either 😑😥 please fix it!!! (4/29/18)

I keep putting my exact account but it keeps saying invalid email or account I wish you can fix the sign up problem

BROKEN after the latest update, app doesn't connect to Netflix, always get error. Garbage.

Recent update broke the app, won't let me log in. Did this really pass QA? It's like Netflix *wants* to lose customers to Hulu. Roll it back, fire someone, and don't roll out a new version till you have real QA in place.

Keeps logging me out, start every movie looking like its scrambled, keeps logging so much, before all these updates worked fine now it's no good for a Samsung S8plus!!

Perfect expeereeinc on mobile and tv I can watch all of my shows Wherever I Go with no ads or no commercial breaks it's the best experiments that I've ever had download this app it is not a waste of time

I just cancel the subscription for charging me suddenly, i havent used the app for a month so why cant i reconnect with the accout i made amd why cant i refund!!

The new update is stupid. The app signs me out everything I close the it. Fix it

Its passing me off it logs me off while an streaming .then when I push play the movie or shows it looks all frozen and static. Please fix

The menue is horrible. Cant find my shows that i have started, search cant find showes that are on the computer/web site, this app is just garbage

The app continues to crash, logging me out all the time.

Have bugs such as not automatically signing me in and error appears to play video even when downloaded on certain shows or films if not all

Horrible. I Cant watch anything without it always signing me out for no reason, this is the service that I get for paying? Absolutely terrible

It has some type of subtitle messups one in a while, but I was watching the magicians which is rated TV ma but it said TV 14 when I started watching it

Since the Oreo update and the newest App update, Netflix isn't working correctly. It will only play audio in the background and displays no sound or video when the app is in the forefront. Note 8 on Sprint.

Ave to uninstall it then install it for the 1.0 to work not good enough Netflix fix da problem, only hope don't have to do this anymore.

The Chromecast interface is terrible. Constantly disconnects; once playback begins, I can't control, fast forward, etc. unless I completely disconnect and reconnect.

Team, for unknown reasons my auto payment for monthly subscription fee got cancelled. Have send email also. Can you please help.

I don't know what is going on lately with netflix but I am ready to cancel. I keep having to sign in...cause every 20 minutes or so it signs me out ..please fix it!!!!!

So it keeps on making me re-sign in and very glitchy. You can't rewind or fast forward, it will kick you out .

The app kicks me out all the time. can someone help me with this? I will be looking for something to watch and it will log me out. Why does this happen?

Terrible quality of stream on Imac 4k display extending 1080p to 4k size screen. Only way around is to install windows to get the 4k quality I'm paying for.

When I play a video it freezes within 5 seconds. It happens with every movie I try, and I've uninstalled the app and reinstalled it and it still happens.

Soooo the last update stopped the app working....can't log in at all

One thing I don't get um why didn't you guys add sabans phyico rangers into the power rangers searches

Doesn't work properly. Problems loading.

I'm just wasting my time downloading this app. I can't even sign in my current email add. can u help me with this please

The app stopped working on 26-Apr-2018. Possibly a bad update... Hopefully it gets fixed soon, I do pay for the service after all...

Used to be perfect but they updated it and it keeps logging me out every time I try to fast forward and the screen gets pixilated for the first 15 seconds of any show...

Excellent work! Could you guys please add Hungarian audio in the next update please? It would be nice if you could add the Hungarian audio. I see you have added different languages aswell. I will give you a 5 star if you guys could add a Hungarian audio please and thank you! :))

The app keeps signing out when I click a show and some are appearing with just a grey screen ,app is crashing a lot aswell

The cast controls are absolutely broken after the update. Pretty much ruins the experience

App just detaches from chromecast. I have to restart to get it back. Search function is weak. And I want to just see a list of all movies in a genre.

I hate it, because its not free to join, I dont hace any card so I have no choice but to hate it.

Why can I only down load a movie or TV show twice a year that's dumb. Thinking bout going to to hulu.

Where is the first part of season 5 of breaking bad? They just seem to get rid of the most random episodes... frustrating! The app now logging me out with error-80?????

Since the new update it keeps on logging me out every time I sure to watch a show or a movie. I have deleted the app and I also have reloaded it it will not work either way please fix.

Hate how its set up on mobile devices you have to swipe to se ths movies like a list instead of set up like a collage.

This app sucks including the movies and shows the only good show is on my block which they should make a season 2 of

Ever since the latest update the app makes me log in every time I go back into the app which can be several times a day please fix it from automatically logging me out even when i don't fully close the app

Been kinda screwy lately. When I start a new episode, the picture is distorted and takes a minute to become an actual picture

It doesnt have movies like Godzilla,Transformers or Skull Island but its still equal to Hulu

It keeps restarting my phone. Like three time is the past 30 min. Its so aggravating honestly. Please fix😑

It's really good if your trying to relax or watch a family movie love this app I use it all the time it worth the money. There is thousand of movies including some form the theaters.

The data saver doesn't seem to be in version 6 anymore. I just wasted 1gb watching 2 episodes of The Office...

You can't see anything. It always says it an error. And sometimes it's not even on the appstore.also you can't download it because it's not compatible with galaxy s7. It's pathetic

Terrible. Keeps kicking me out and having me sign back in after episodes or if I rewind it. Sound doesn't cast either.

Full of b rated movies, their selection is rather dull. Only reason I use it, is because of a couple of shows that i fallow. Archer was one of them, which they removed.

This is the worst company and worst customer service I ever experience I would not recommend anyone to you all.

Ok so first u guys take off one of my favorite shows (Ghost Whisperer) I watched that so many times and now I can't find Supernatural which I'm guessing u guys also took off.... plz put it back on and I'll rerate 😭😭😭

Since changing the layout, it's impossible to do anything. Why did you change the layout for no reason?!

Crashes my phone all the time. Last time it crashed, also deleted all of my downloads.

hate it cuz the serieses are not complete!!! but good quality but the tv shows are not complete!!! pls make it complete!!!

The last update keeps me logging me out when I try to watch something! its f!@#ing annoying. Making me mad!

This is a great app to use for movies on the go, downloading shows to watch on a long trip, or just sitting down and binging your favourite TV show whenever you can.

I can warch all my movie that I have not seen yet so joyful that Netflix exist in this world.

The picture for the app is so stupid why would 2 ugly people be on the bus for the cover makes me want to delete it

All I could request is more kids shows like Star Vs. The forces of evil, Gravity Falls, Steven Universe, etc..

Real nice... charge more for your service then make it so the app doesn't work right anymore. Time to cancel.

It works for a short time then keeps signing out then have to restart my device then comes up with error codes!!

Became over simplified and now my videos show blank because I have custom settings for my screen colouring

Netflix please reseparate my list and continue watching sections having them combined into a "watchlist" is super annoying

Why do y'all keep deleting movies/tv shows? Omg Moana, Coco, Breaking Dawn series isn't here! Whyyyy? :(

The app shuts down every time I put anything on. So many glitches the video pixelates constantly.

The new version keeps logging me out and loading the videos starts freezing. Never faced this problem before.

Netflix is unfortunately has stopped for me for a couple of months on my android and I cannot watch anything.

This new version absloutely sucks. Everytime i try to continue an episode it just crashes and logs me out

The app now after using one time keeps loguing off and forcing yiu to install again.

It keeps signing me out after I disconnect from my wifi and once I reconnect it's says there's an error

I really like Netflix why can't we watch the older series what happened to Burn Notice need to put an animal series on there more animal stuff other than that I love your guys

I LOVE NETFLIX!!! Netflix is my life. Yes, I'm a kid and I'm not sure what the price is per month it might be 10 a month, but its worth it!!! Everyone that doesn't have Netflix misses out on a lot of good stuff!! Netflix is my one true love 😍😍❤❤

Logs out every night. Will not accept my username and password then until I uninstall and download again!!! Please fix this.

Common middle class people can't go to this App,only because of rental cost is very high.

Hdr not working on my lg v30+ please fix it picture quality very bad with hdr

GREAT!!! Very good for watching movies. Even if you do not have a subscription, they are cheap and come with many movies.

I think this should not be in the free entertainment section because you have to pay go watch movies

This app is good, you can watch movies and TV shows everyday whenever you like, but it's so annoying when they remove shows and movies and replace them with Netflix originals. If they keep this up, I'm switching to Hulu!

Sería bueno que tuvieran 2 "Mi Lista: una de series y otras de películas. ... Por favor, dividan en serie y en peliculas y que cada una tenga sus divisiones de: mi lista, vistas, etc....

The new version is simply horrible. Unusable.

Expensive. Should be less cost for India. Not all us title available for India. So it's waste spending money for limited content.

I'm sad that it doesn't have season 4 on the 100 and it's been a year☹ but overall it's an awesome app

Uts keeps signing me out. After each episode or if its freezes🙄 netflix! Fix it

With the recent update, it Logs me out after every episode I watch. Pretty annoying!

Ever since the last update it keeps logging me off constantly. Never fails to fail. @Netflix you need to fix this or you'll be losing allot of business.

All time entertainment on the go. Screen cast doesn't work at all.

Netflix took flash off of the app, right when I was in the middle of season 2. Netflix is not recommend for a phone app

In the movies the people talk and they are living it it's so stupid do not get it I mean it

I hate this app now it keeps signing me out. I have to sign in after watching an episode. Please fix this.

The new layout is not good. It feels like they are trying to make finding shows harder.

I hate it when you always gotta pay and since I'm a kid it wont even let finish signing 👆

O aplicativo nao carrega o conteúdo. Isso começou essa semana, antes até funcionava, bastava trocar o perfil. Mas agora nem isso.

I love Netflix but lately when I have been going on it, it keeps signing other of my account and not letting me sign back in. Please help

I love it but they should really put back good tv shows like family guy, American dad, The Cleveland show, etc. Because I loved those shows so much.

I like netflix , but the only thing I don't like is that they don't have most of the seasons on different shows

It's Netflix you pay to watch shows and movies and they have one of the best selections of original movies and shows, it brings binge watching to a whole new level 🔥

I Wish My Shows Came On Faster Instead Of Having To Wait Forever But Its Cheap So Who Am I To Complain ! My Boys Have Their Favs Over & Over & On The Go !

The dumbasss took of American da,futurama,southpark and other. They should put them back on

I love this app, great shows and movies , my new tympass 😉 but whn m watchin lost in space m facing problems with quality, first 2 episodes are in Hd den 3rd to 8th are in worst quality so help me out ,

Keep getting kicked out of my account. 5th time in like 3 days. Nobody else is on when I'm on.

I would like to see all veiwing in English ad well some movies that look interesting are annoying to watch with subtitles as I'm sure it would be for other languages to watch English speaking movies in their language

I don't think we should have to pay for Netflix because it a waste of money and all we are doing is in a way catching up with Some of the programmes that come on tv just like catch up tv.

What the hell, Netflix? You just automatically signed me out and now I can sign back in. Username and password are correct and yet you say it's incorrect. What the hell, man.

Love it, but I don't like the new bottom navigation it takes like, twice as long to get anywhere since I'm not used to it.

Wish it kept up with new seasons and all but very good and wished it kept other shows and movies I had liked. Overall a very good thing.

Netflix canada please add the old loony tunes to the collection of shows you have now.

Love watching dinottux on here some glitches but still awesome

Updates force me to delete and reinstall this app several times a week now. Obnoxiously inefficient

Worst app! I put my Gmail and password and it tells the account is not valid Do something!

Since update my app crashes every time I restart a video. Video glitches at the beginning.

Overall it's a good app but I keep getting signed out, at one point I was signed out 3 times in like 10 minutes can you fix this

they changed the format of the home screen now it sucks.(cant go to types of show ) at least give us the option to switch to the one we like

I love netflix but lately the app keeps logging me out and says it can't play a show and to try a different one it does this like every 2 hours

Always getting logged out for every 10 to 15min and getting error code 5:7 asking to login back

The app is awesome, but my UI crashes when I watch a movie and I want to check on the time, also when I have it on pause and I get a text on messenger the chat head makes it resume even though I am away from my phone

Can only choose my list, rest of the lists are all slow scroll. Unintuitive and impractical.

I love the new update all though i feel like you guys should change the look of Netflix a little change up the colors mainly . otherwise i love everything that you guys are doing and have done to Netflix:)

Keeps crashing on me or scenes won't continue but the audio keeps going

New update is garbage, cant switch profiles without it getting stick in a load screen.

Watching on my note 4. Jeeps freezing on me. Fix it or i want my money back!

The app has been glitchy and it's logging me out everytime . Please fix this

Why need debit or credit card info for free trial! Total fraud and decieving.

I think this is a useless but cool feature you guys could add a little stats place where you can see how many hours of netflix you've watched

I love all the shows you can find on here and all the features like how you can find shows that are going to be on Netflix soon but it is upsetting when some of your favorite shows get delete off the app.

Guys for some reason file size of downloads have gone up... Doubled in some cases... Please look into this

This app is awesome. But most importantly kindly provide the scroll up and down instead of right and left. Also provide the functionality to request for the download of movies. There are many movies which I cannot download. Thanks

I think Netflix is one of the best streaming networks of all time. Lots of variety between different genres. Good Netflix Originals too, you should at least give the trial a try.

App has been poor lately loading for ages..... and can also stop when in middle of movie an just say loading . I have upgraded to allow 4 screens but not wort the money at times 😢

I keep getting the 5.10 error every time I try to watch an episode of Scream and Naruto.

App keeps crashing. Tried clearing cache and uninstaling and reinstalling but it isn't making a difference.

Keeps signing me out n now it hasn't been able to connect for days

IT CAN TAKE ME TO PLACES I CAN ONLY DREAM ABOUT. BUT YES I LOVE THIS APP

Its a good app but it freezes and lags alot but the best thing about it is that its in top free entertainment but you gotta pay for an account but other then thoughs i recommend it.

This app is amazing I downloaded it to watch my favourite movie hand when I downloaded it then I was amazed this app is really good for people who want to watch the movie but who do want to spend money on going to the cinema

The app was very good before the last update; now when an episode finishes the button that used to show to jump to the next episode is not showing anymore. I'm casting to Chromecast.

I dont know what's happening . Everytime i wanna watch , it keeps logging me out .

I hate that I cannot use this on a custom ROM.

Netflix is it good app for watching a lot of anime and shows but I wish there was Yu-Gi-Oh arc V season 2 and 3 and a new season for trollhunters other than that this is a good app

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE change the rewind from 30 seconds to 10 like Apple products have. It's much better rather than going back a whole damn 30 seconds!!

Has only got oldish movies and no new ones but otherwise perfect

Does not all ways let me sign in but still really good

New rating system is terrible. Content in the UK is really, really poor given what you pay for.

The new update is great! But please add fast forward and rewind buttons, then I will give 5 stars. For now, however, 4 stars will have to do. * * * * X *These are stars.

The app can't ever connect to netflix with wifi or cell data on. Useless

New update keeps on crashing, also always logged me out. Please fix it!!

I love the app but why do u always take out good movies and have movies from like 80 years ago I mean if u added more movies and shows it would be perfect

Layout issues and fragments not being handled correctly, this used to be a top quality Android App, it has significantly reduced in quality in the last few updates.

It would be better if you could download star wars the clone wars

I've had it for 3 seconds and I get an error. Can't even get into the app

Its amazing but some movies come on to late and they some times remove the good stuff

I couldn't sign up. When I click "sign up now" it just turned into white screen with word "sign in" and "help", why?

It is true that it have a lot of shows and movies but most of them are trash.

I'm getting tired of the app signing me out when I'm watching a movie on my phone

Its slow, never wants to load and when it does its blurry then literally 10 minutes later all it does is disconnect and buffer. Been trying to watch it for 30 minutes now and all it wants to do is load. 😠

Can't get into my Netflix so y'all can Charge my card. Aggrivated

It's a good app but adictive and not in a good way. It's taking over my life

Have to sign in after every time you watch something now. Lame

The app keeps kicking me out to sign in screen. Please fix

I am not able to create a new account on netlfix. Please help

Recently horrible to use keeps logging out and does not work at all

I love Netflix and use the app almost every day. Since the new update I can't use it with my Chromecast. I know it's Netflix bc I can cast from others apps. Please fix this I need my Netflix :(

After update i get constant error message (5.10)

Last update is horrible. It won't even work. Keeps telling me can't connect.

it doesn't work after the update. Keeps force stopping and resting

Its amazing and I had it on my tablet a few years ago and I was loving the watching time and how it does not lag as much as VRV, any way think you.😙😙😙

Hate it I put the correct email but it says invalid email or password without even a second load

Worst app we need to enter our credit card no before signing 😑😑 hated dis aap

Crashes and asks to enter login credentials every 5 minutes, irritating.

Tried signing up but they kept rejecting my MasterCard....so annoyed !

My download box is empty. Everything that I downloaded has disappeared. Please fix this.

En algunas series las pongo en inglés y no se pueden desactivar los subtítulos al español, pero si las pongo en español si me da la opción, tampoco tienen la opción de subtítulos en inglés, Series como The Flash

Después que se me actualizo la app en el celular, comenzó a andar muy mal, se me cierra la sesión, No puedo ver películas , malísimo, espero que lo puedan arreglar a la brevedad o sino tendré que desuscribirme de netflix

Videos lag and freeze up. Constantly being logged out. Ever since the update.

Works great, just have to reinstall it every single time I watch..otherwise the words lag behind the video Update: it now lags continuously.

I try to open the app but it doesn't work anymore I just wanna watch anime 😢😢😢😢

Lots of glitches and issues this days please update soon Thanks in advance.

Stop trying to push your political agenda on your customers. 1 less subscriber.

Since the new update, the app continuously crashes and logs me out.

I have log in after watching one episode. Error messages appears after watching one episode.

When i launch the app. It just say Netflix and nothing else shows.

Waiting for the skip intro function like on iOS. Other then that, Netflix is awesome!

Went to do update installs partly then gives error code.

Get a black screen on S8. Audio plays but no video

This app now signs me out everyday. The update is faulty.

Just because i used a friend's laptop to register ...they cancelled my account...DISAPPOINTED

PLEASE HAVE AN OPTION TO BUY MEMBERSHIP FEES USING SMART PAYMENT METHOD, GLOBE IS SO SLOW HERE IN ILOILO.

The lastest update is bad..video stops many times... somebody help

It's a good app if you want to watch something in the car because you can download movies or some showes you want

My screen always went black when I try to watch in mobile

I wrote just a few minutes ago... I forgot to mention..... Maybe I should cancel my subscription!!!

Not able to play from samsung j7 pro to chromcast gen 1

Its acting strange, its not showing up Stranger Things or Supernatural when i look them up

Yall should watch on my block it's good

I loved it but can you make it so if your like watching naruto it is all the episode and your not missing any thing and some of us like Pokemon and can't watch it all why

You need to put back the old movies like Rug rats, Spy kids the one with no animated characters and also Are we done yet thank you.

I download movies and now it says for one film I downloaded that I have reached the yearly download limit for the film. I download the movies on my sd card so it's not that I don't have space because I check my sd card space. Please help.

Everything also must pay.. no free sign in.. iflix is better.. noob

It always glitches saying there only 1 season when there 2

I hated it. I couldn't create an account because it wouldn't let me

Constantly crashes and signs out automatically. Galaxy s8

Only complaint is that you need to post what language the movie is in on the information description so you don't waste the time starting to watch a movie and find out it's in another language..

google cast is wonky and often requires app restart to work.

I LOVE TO KEEP NETFLIX, BUT I COULD ONLY PAY THROUGH T-MOBILE PLEASE LET ME PAY THAT WAY THANK YOU.

Can't find certain movies but everything else is great

I preferred the old version of Netflix app the version on the note 8 current you cant search by category easily like the old version and prefer the navigation panel on the left side.

I would want Heroes: Legend of the battle disks in English

Since last upgrade you can't get a adult movie to watch whatever u sign into it keep searching for kids movie.... Can't get to watch anything than cartoon for the week n I'm not sign into kids smfh

I love Netflix, its cheap too. Very easy to work, but I wish they didn't take out How I Met Your Mother 😥

Would like Netflix for android phones to be able to play content in the background because it drains the battery because I have to leave my screen on instead of being able to just lock the screen

OT has some problems but that's just with my phone

I can't see any movies it only plays the sound

Awesome shows, my personal favorites are Lucifer, Riverdale, Gilmore Girls and the vampire diaries/orignals...💟💟💟💟💟Great for travelling, it lets you download episodes and has great quality

Bom, netflix eu gostaria que vocês colocassem a dublagem de volta, tire o opção de só "Inglês" nas séries por favor. estamos tendo dificuldades de entender.

Idk whats goin on but i cant sign into the app, it logged me out and now its crashing every time i try to log back in

This app not good I am one star

It dont have some of the good adult swim animations

Waste of money cannot show most of mo vies

It would not let me open it, it would just stare at me

Riverdale seasons 2 need to come out already on netflix

Love Netflix, and love the customer reviews from the lack knowledge regarding netflix and devices. Where do these customers come from lol.

While opening the app,it just shows a black screen with Netflix on it.Doesnt load even after reinstalling.Dissapointed

updates w no explanation, horrible video to audio lag.

Please help me unsubscribe this app hasn't been letting me login telling it can't connect to the server Please help me get unsubscribed

Do i need to pay for it?? It says sign up so i just put a random email and password but it said that i dont have an account ... it says right there sign up not log in

Still doesn't work even after today's update!!! Fix!! Or i will permanently delete!!!! Not happy! Why should I pay for a service that doesn't work!!??

app keeps crashing & signing me out. please fix this

I love it. BUT my fav anime has like 10 seasons and there is only 2 on Netflix. :( (BTW its called Inuyasha)

When I need a break I can always come back to it

It needs update!! Keeps crashing and logging me out

A great interface and easy to navigate to find content. Profiles are wonderful for keeping multiple users separate under one account. Google Cast support is excellent.

I think they should base movies that u watch in English too. And that there should be a button u can choose all movies in the language u know so it be easier

Ummm this is the best thing ever. I love the wide variety of entertainment! Theres always somthing to watch!

Please Netflix add descendents and the 2005 version of pride and prejudice other than that pretty cool app

godfather is incomplete. if that means a lot for an app for films

I wish when casting to a TV it would show what I am browsing in the menu on the tv instead of just the Netflix logo so other people can see.

No quick shortcut for rewind and fast forward. App code need to improve. Amazon prime or youtube is much more fexible in this term.

The app keeps prompting to sign. Very laggy too.

