I swear you guys are doing this to spite me! The 10 second rewind/fast-forward were back for like a day and then when I come back the next day, what do you know! It's gone. Getting my hopes up and destroying it over and over again. Thanks for That!

Hello. The apps was my stress relieving after my work done. I am at saudi arabia right now. Can i have a questions.. Why there is no other season of riders of berks? Please put it in i am a really fan of how to train your dragon. Please add more season in this app.

Everything on the app is great, but not actually being able to watch anything??? The audio and buttons work, I'm just left with a black screen with voices. Please fix!!! Netflix has always been my go to on iOS but its a let down on android

New gui is ferociously terrible with new management. We used to skim through the spot we wanted to continue our show if we lwft off. Now its 10sec a time. Don't force dictate our journey on your now specialized shows. Spotify will be better with hulu if you try such shortcomings

Entire family uses and loves Netflix. Extremely user friendly. Only 1 minor complaint; maybe once or twice a month the app will be slow/sit and spin but it's never been over 10-15 minutes before it's back to working perfectly. Highly recommend.

Its logging me out every time I pause, backup, do anything... or leave the app and then try to go back in to continue a show. Very annoying. Will change rating when fixed.

You guys took my favorite show off here. And I was almost done with it. It makes me so freaking upset when I pay about 18$ a month to watch. You guys need to stop removing shows.

Hate it. Netflix has taken all the good series and movies off the platform. Now its a bloody app for kids programs, where is black sails, vikings you guys are shit

FINALLY THEY ADDED THE 10SEC FORWARDING AND REWINDING BACK. the 30 sec rewinding was rubbish. The app is so good however they need more and newer series/movies

Chromecast implementation is just awful. Most of the time the app isn't aware that it's playing anything which makes pausing impossible. Nobody st Netflix seems to care their app is total garbage.

I absolutely love the new UI! It's modern, sleek, and intuitive to use! On top of that, it fixed issues with the virtual navigation bar on Android devices from sticking around occasionally while watching content.

It was working all right until netfix had its recent update. When you disable the subtitles. The subtitles is still present after disabling. The subtitles of when it was disabled is clearly visable on screen instead of disappearing totally. 🤤

Ever since this apps recent update I can no longer use the app on my phone. It goes to the black screen that says netflix but will not go any further. As someone who pays to use this app I would like to be able to use it

For the last two days I have not been able to watch any movies because it says Netflix has stopped working if they don't fix it soon I am going to discontinue my service with them and find someone else so they need to get on the ball and fix the problem

They should bring back the star ratings. Thumbs up/down is terrible and doesn't work. I hate always having to switch to Rotten Tomatoes or IMDB to get the star ratings for movies.

The are you watching feature does not work on this version on a Note 8. I usually fall asleep watching the office but instead of kicking off after a couple episodes after I fall asleep I wake up the next morning and Jim and Pam are getting married

Updated the app and facing a problem with the google cast icon. The cast icon doesn't seems to be working, * i tried to select my tv--> i clicked on its name/tv model or something like that in the cast icon and nothing happened. Tried multiple times and still nothing. FIX IT PLEASE

Why keep changing the layout? I like the forward and backward button. If it wasnt for the easy accessible layout.. i wld prob give 4 stars.

Seriously fix this issue... i love Netflix but you have to stop messing with it! If it's not broke don't fix it.... well now it's broke can't fast forward or review anything in the episode I am on just says loading very frustrating...

The application crashes and logs me out of the account randomly. I have had to log in 5 times within a 30 minute span.

It crashes frequently, everytime I skip the intro to a show or pause or crashes and signs me out of the app. Really thinking about canceling my membership if this keeps up. (Galaxy S8 Plus)

The you choose adventure, puss in boots is not a you choose adventure like it used to be. FIX IT NOW!!!!!!!!!! This used to be something fun to do but now you have renewed it. This is not cool. Now it's just a useless extra. Try to make it the way it used to be.

As of this last update, no problems, thanks. I enjoy much of Netflix originals, as well as being able to watch other things like some of the newer Disney movies. I do sometimes wish there was a bigger selection of older movies, otherwise great.

Latest updates have turned this app into utter trash. Constant video distortion, frequent errors, and constantly being logged out in the middle of a show. One star until these issues are fixed.

The new update doesn't work on my Samsung galaxy s9. I'm logged out every time I try to do anything. The video starts out garbled if I ever get to the video. Someone screwed up.

After doing the latest 2 updates. It logs me out after every single episode and if it's paused for too long! Please correct asap.

Depois de uma nova atualização, simplesmente, sumiu todas as categorias de gêneros de títulos que eu poderia assistir. Só aparece Filmes, Séries e Tudo, nada mais. O design para o LG G6 está incrível, mas falta todos os recursos!

Since last update, every few days it asks me to sign in, nd then it says unable to reach netflix service. So every few days I have to uninstall and install the app again.

This app is amazing and has gotten me through many long and difficult days, however lately ever single time I try to watch any episode or movie of any program, it always ends with the same result. It restarts my phone, any explanations on this would be greatly appreciated.

The app needs FastForward, Rewind buttons. It is frustrating that there is only a 30 second skip back option but no 30 second skip forward button. Over all, the app developer did not think it through well about users expectations from the app. It sucks.

The new rating system is useless. Having to resort to alternative rating sites. 99% match is total bull****.

I am unable to sign in suddenly. I keep getting a message saying 'Netflix Site Error'. Please assist.

Hey! I can't load any of the movies/series. My internet connection is okay, I updated the app and everything. Help! It keeps saying that there is a problem with the video?

This app is annoying in terms of constantly signing me out. I think it got to do with Android devices because my brothers (apple users) never complained so fix this glitch!

Screen keeps going black on android o and downloads and on online and clearing cache and restoring down work. Just comes back in its own time. The version Luke works and the stuff played just no picture

I like the content. My only gripe are the button placements. I liked the previous one where the pause/play button was at the middle and the presence of a +10 / - 10 second buttons

Problem with the cast function. Cant cast to my sony bravia smart tv. When you press the cast button and choose where to cast the app does in fact turn on the netflix app on the tv. But it doesnt play the movie.

The app. Keeps booting me off mid show / movie and when you play anything the screen is all different colors and freezes then makes you sign back in NETFLIX WHAT IS GOING ON ????????

Netflix is lacking..... i'm looking for a replacement. To much non english subtitle movies. If i wanted to read id go to the library. Im getting bored with the service

When are they going to put shadow hunters on this. And put more shows on the US one like Teen wolf and others plz if not I will tell people to stop useing this app

I wrote a detailed paragraph but it got deleted and I'm too lazy to rewrite it. Summary: I would have given it five stars, but the new update sucks--too much lag. Fix it or change it back to the previous version.

Lots of old movies still not in net flix. Was planning to watch MCU movies but it was incomplete here. Probably this will be my last months subscription.

Netflix is cool. But recently the took a lot of stuff that I liked off. Also it updated pretty slowly. Other than that everything is cool. I'm also glad that there ore no ads and it is categorized nicely.

It keeps on throwing me out and making me log in every time I mess with the time trying to either get ahead in a movie or go back.

Too often I need to login again, then the app log-me out, then I have to login again ... This happens lot of times, I live abroad and I think there's a country checking logic somewhere that's mess up everything ...

It's a great app. if only it would work. I can hardly play anything without getting an error saying Netflix unavailable. I love using it but I need it to work

Good app but not happy that one of my devices (the one I primarily use to watch it) is all of a sudden "unsupported". Very annoyed and I hope it is fixed soon.

I love Netflix! It has a bunch of shows and movies and changes every month. I'm watching Pretty Little Liars on Netflix right now.

The user experience should be improved... Navigation is very poor and many logical areas are missing like reviews as an example, proper categories charts and so on... Funny that pirated content apps are doing better like popcorn and stremio

This is the best I can watch what I want when I want. And with now there is so much new content I have a hard time committing to just one show. Love it.

It's a pretty good. I mainnly use it to watch the US version of The Office (UK version is good, too). John Krasinski and BJ Novak are my main men, dude.

Netflix is a battery hogger. With Android Oreo the problem gets worse. Will need to think about other apps if this continues :-(

Been using Netflix for years. All of a sudden it logged me out and I cannot use it. Price went up. Service went down. 🙁🙁

Having a lot of problems lately keep getting kicked out I've uninstalled and reinstalled twice and still messing up

The app seems to crash my razer phone infrequently, when it does this my phone hard crashes and ends up resetting itself after about 2 mins.

Why does Netflix have to take off the good shows. Like I was in the middle of a show and they just take it off. Netflix needs to bring back the good stuff and take off the bad.

As promised upgraded my review to 5 stars thanks to the return of the 10 seconds fast forward and rewind. Please keep them as its a mission without these buttons.

the app won't work. I've tried everything and all that comes up is the black screen that says NETFLIX in red.

I just use this to watch Stranger Things, Supernatural, and iZombie. It's really good ssssooo 👍👍

Just signed. Can't play anything, slow app, cant cast to roku but found it. Have no idea what's wrong but definitely not my skills and my internet.

Really like it, but sometimes the movie or show can lag. But overall I really like and enjoy this app!

I love netflix it does have great netflix movies and great netflix shows BUT can u upload movies other than netflix made tooo?? Lately i haven't seen alot of movies that come from out on theaters

The app is great overall however i do not like the fact that you remove shows that are being watched ,for example the show "lost" i was only up to season 4 ep 1

Makes me sign in everytime a show ends. Brutal. Or says my password is wrong when I just used it 30 minutes before to watch a TV show. And sometimes it just kicks me out then asks me to log in again. Never use to be like this... Brutal

Oh man I'm so happy...best customer response, wanted a forwards button so badly and you guys have done it! Love Netflix, thankyou

Don't you dare changing this layout. Big buttons in the middle of the screen, 10 sec back and forth, nice to have it back.

wors movie app. It has only like. 200 old. movies. Horrible. Red box. Is. Better. Netflix. Sucks. 👎👎👎👎

its because you dont have that much anime shows and you dont update your seasons on your app also you dont have a lot of good movies and shows

There's direct access to your account if there's an issue to report with shows or movies. It would be great if there were the option to skip intros to shows on the TV like there are with this app.

Its very nice and I love the app ever since the first time I tried it. Its quite addictive but great!

I can only see the forward or rewind 10 secs option sometimes. Can you advise what the issue is?

Everything is perfect but the app keeps on logging me out! I can't watch a full episode without getting kicked out!

I love Netflix, but it just freezes and crashes when I try and watch it (Razer Phone) and forces my phone to restart..

I get signed out after every video/episode I watch... C'mon netflix

App & content is great, but not so much as to ditch/switch from all others. THAT SAID, depending on May schedule - if Michelle Wolf actually gets her show - I might be canceling my Netflix subscription anyway. HELLO HULU, AMAZON PRIME VIDEO & MANY OTHERS!

Keeps signing out as I watch anything. Using S8+. Don't have this issue on any other device.

Would gave 5 stars but alot of movies I search for I can't get. I know they have because there older movies.

Please fix the app. Ever since the update, nothing loads properly

Its a nice app we can watch tv shows, movies kids cartoon shows here.

Netflix is so awesome bc I get to watch any of my favorite shows plus new shows and Netflix Original!

Nonlonger finds my chromecast on my lg v30 making this app mostly useless

The movies and shows wouldn't load. They finally DO load, I accidentally pressed the back button and it won't save my spot

The Netflix originals are on point, when you want to binge watch!

I look for scify,documentaries and comedy Ser ing es or movies you have a fair variety

Garbage app, translation keeps switching as soon as you stop watching and the downloads gets erased if you don't re download it for a while but you cant just redownload it from the downloaded page so you have to redownload all individually.

Ever since I updated the app, it freezes every few minutes and forces me to sign in again. This becomes increasingly annoying when you're really trying to get into a show or movie. Very frustrating

Y'all took off goodfellas, smh, please bring it back<3

This app is very nice for when you have nothing to do with your life and just binge watching everything

Greatest and very easiest app I ever experienced. Thank you 🤗🤗Netflix and play store

I am new to it. However, would like a more descriptive sections such as fiction, horror, mythology fiction etc..

I tire of the selection but I have only myself to blame.

Why are there now red borders when watching shows ore movies? It is very distracting! Please change it back to black. If this continues I cancel my subscription.

Horrible, I can't play anything without it crashing. At first I thought it was my network, but after trying it at home with my WIFI it still had the same issue. Fix this Netflix!!!

Its great! They get a lot of new movies but I do with they would get older series

I have been a long time customer but the update broke the app have to sign in all the time and get Netflix can't be reached this needs attention are I will cancel

Latest update allows Netflix to override Blue Light Filter on my Galaxy S9+. Before the update I could watch movies with the Blue Light Filter on, this latest update turns the Blue Light Filter off. Please look in to this.

I think you need to update Netflix, because there's a lot of TV shows and movies that you think would be on Netflix, but aren't on it... You need to update Netflix

Don't like the update, each to their own.Just waiting for something better.

I would like it more if you leave the option where you can skip 10 seconds

