I swear you guys are doing this to spite me! The 10 second rewind/fast-forward were back for like a day and then when I come back the next day, what do you know! It's gone. Getting my hopes up and destroying it over and over again. Thanks for That!

Hello. The apps was my stress relieving after my work done. I am at saudi arabia right now. Can i have a questions.. Why there is no other season of riders of berks? Please put it in i am a really fan of how to train your dragon. Please add more season in this app.

Everything on the app is great, but not actually being able to watch anything??? The audio and buttons work, I'm just left with a black screen with voices. Please fix!!! Netflix has always been my go to on iOS but its a let down on android

New gui is ferociously terrible with new management. We used to skim through the spot we wanted to continue our show if we lwft off. Now its 10sec a time. Don't force dictate our journey on your now specialized shows. Spotify will be better with hulu if you try such shortcomings

Entire family uses and loves Netflix. Extremely user friendly. Only 1 minor complaint; maybe once or twice a month the app will be slow/sit and spin but it's never been over 10-15 minutes before it's back to working perfectly. Highly recommend.

Its logging me out every time I pause, backup, do anything... or leave the app and then try to go back in to continue a show. Very annoying. Will change rating when fixed.

You guys took my favorite show off here. And I was almost done with it. It makes me so freaking upset when I pay about 18$ a month to watch. You guys need to stop removing shows.

Hate it. Netflix has taken all the good series and movies off the platform. Now its a bloody app for kids programs, where is black sails, vikings you guys are shit

FINALLY THEY ADDED THE 10SEC FORWARDING AND REWINDING BACK. the 30 sec rewinding was rubbish. The app is so good however they need more and newer series/movies

Chromecast implementation is just awful. Most of the time the app isn't aware that it's playing anything which makes pausing impossible. Nobody st Netflix seems to care their app is total garbage.

I absolutely love the new UI! It's modern, sleek, and intuitive to use! On top of that, it fixed issues with the virtual navigation bar on Android devices from sticking around occasionally while watching content.

It was working all right until netfix had its recent update. When you disable the subtitles. The subtitles is still present after disabling. The subtitles of when it was disabled is clearly visable on screen instead of disappearing totally. 🤤

Ever since this apps recent update I can no longer use the app on my phone. It goes to the black screen that says netflix but will not go any further. As someone who pays to use this app I would like to be able to use it

For the last two days I have not been able to watch any movies because it says Netflix has stopped working if they don't fix it soon I am going to discontinue my service with them and find someone else so they need to get on the ball and fix the problem

They should bring back the star ratings. Thumbs up/down is terrible and doesn't work. I hate always having to switch to Rotten Tomatoes or IMDB to get the star ratings for movies.

The are you watching feature does not work on this version on a Note 8. I usually fall asleep watching the office but instead of kicking off after a couple episodes after I fall asleep I wake up the next morning and Jim and Pam are getting married

Updated the app and facing a problem with the google cast icon. The cast icon doesn't seems to be working, * i tried to select my tv--> i clicked on its name/tv model or something like that in the cast icon and nothing happened. Tried multiple times and still nothing. FIX IT PLEASE

Why keep changing the layout? I like the forward and backward button. If it wasnt for the easy accessible layout.. i wld prob give 4 stars.

Seriously fix this issue... i love Netflix but you have to stop messing with it! If it's not broke don't fix it.... well now it's broke can't fast forward or review anything in the episode I am on just says loading very frustrating...

The application crashes and logs me out of the account randomly. I have had to log in 5 times within a 30 minute span.

It crashes frequently, everytime I skip the intro to a show or pause or crashes and signs me out of the app. Really thinking about canceling my membership if this keeps up. (Galaxy S8 Plus)

The you choose adventure, puss in boots is not a you choose adventure like it used to be. FIX IT NOW!!!!!!!!!! This used to be something fun to do but now you have renewed it. This is not cool. Now it's just a useless extra. Try to make it the way it used to be.

As of this last update, no problems, thanks. I enjoy much of Netflix originals, as well as being able to watch other things like some of the newer Disney movies. I do sometimes wish there was a bigger selection of older movies, otherwise great.

Latest updates have turned this app into utter trash. Constant video distortion, frequent errors, and constantly being logged out in the middle of a show. One star until these issues are fixed.

The new update doesn't work on my Samsung galaxy s9. I'm logged out every time I try to do anything. The video starts out garbled if I ever get to the video. Someone screwed up.

After doing the latest 2 updates. It logs me out after every single episode and if it's paused for too long! Please correct asap.

Depois de uma nova atualização, simplesmente, sumiu todas as categorias de gêneros de títulos que eu poderia assistir. Só aparece Filmes, Séries e Tudo, nada mais. O design para o LG G6 está incrível, mas falta todos os recursos!

Since last update, every few days it asks me to sign in, nd then it says unable to reach netflix service. So every few days I have to uninstall and install the app again.

This app is amazing and has gotten me through many long and difficult days, however lately ever single time I try to watch any episode or movie of any program, it always ends with the same result. It restarts my phone, any explanations on this would be greatly appreciated.

The app needs FastForward, Rewind buttons. It is frustrating that there is only a 30 second skip back option but no 30 second skip forward button. Over all, the app developer did not think it through well about users expectations from the app. It sucks.

The new rating system is useless. Having to resort to alternative rating sites. 99% match is total bull****.

I am unable to sign in suddenly. I keep getting a message saying 'Netflix Site Error'. Please assist.

Hey! I can't load any of the movies/series. My internet connection is okay, I updated the app and everything. Help! It keeps saying that there is a problem with the video?

This app is annoying in terms of constantly signing me out. I think it got to do with Android devices because my brothers (apple users) never complained so fix this glitch!

Screen keeps going black on android o and downloads and on online and clearing cache and restoring down work. Just comes back in its own time. The version Luke works and the stuff played just no picture

I like the content. My only gripe are the button placements. I liked the previous one where the pause/play button was at the middle and the presence of a +10 / - 10 second buttons

Problem with the cast function. Cant cast to my sony bravia smart tv. When you press the cast button and choose where to cast the app does in fact turn on the netflix app on the tv. But it doesnt play the movie.

The app. Keeps booting me off mid show / movie and when you play anything the screen is all different colors and freezes then makes you sign back in NETFLIX WHAT IS GOING ON ????????

Netflix is lacking..... i'm looking for a replacement. To much non english subtitle movies. If i wanted to read id go to the library. Im getting bored with the service

When are they going to put shadow hunters on this. And put more shows on the US one like Teen wolf and others plz if not I will tell people to stop useing this app

I wrote a detailed paragraph but it got deleted and I'm too lazy to rewrite it. Summary: I would have given it five stars, but the new update sucks--too much lag. Fix it or change it back to the previous version.

Lots of old movies still not in net flix. Was planning to watch MCU movies but it was incomplete here. Probably this will be my last months subscription.

Netflix is cool. But recently the took a lot of stuff that I liked off. Also it updated pretty slowly. Other than that everything is cool. I'm also glad that there ore no ads and it is categorized nicely.

It keeps on throwing me out and making me log in every time I mess with the time trying to either get ahead in a movie or go back.

Too often I need to login again, then the app log-me out, then I have to login again ... This happens lot of times, I live abroad and I think there's a country checking logic somewhere that's mess up everything ...

It's a great app. if only it would work. I can hardly play anything without getting an error saying Netflix unavailable. I love using it but I need it to work

Good app but not happy that one of my devices (the one I primarily use to watch it) is all of a sudden "unsupported". Very annoyed and I hope it is fixed soon.

I love Netflix! It has a bunch of shows and movies and changes every month. I'm watching Pretty Little Liars on Netflix right now.

The user experience should be improved... Navigation is very poor and many logical areas are missing like reviews as an example, proper categories charts and so on... Funny that pirated content apps are doing better like popcorn and stremio

This is the best I can watch what I want when I want. And with now there is so much new content I have a hard time committing to just one show. Love it.

It's a pretty good. I mainnly use it to watch the US version of The Office (UK version is good, too). John Krasinski and BJ Novak are my main men, dude.

Netflix is a battery hogger. With Android Oreo the problem gets worse. Will need to think about other apps if this continues :-(

Been using Netflix for years. All of a sudden it logged me out and I cannot use it. Price went up. Service went down. 🙁🙁

Having a lot of problems lately keep getting kicked out I've uninstalled and reinstalled twice and still messing up

The app seems to crash my razer phone infrequently, when it does this my phone hard crashes and ends up resetting itself after about 2 mins.

Why does Netflix have to take off the good shows. Like I was in the middle of a show and they just take it off. Netflix needs to bring back the good stuff and take off the bad.

As promised upgraded my review to 5 stars thanks to the return of the 10 seconds fast forward and rewind. Please keep them as its a mission without these buttons.

the app won't work. I've tried everything and all that comes up is the black screen that says NETFLIX in red.

I just use this to watch Stranger Things, Supernatural, and iZombie. It's really good ssssooo 👍👍

Just signed. Can't play anything, slow app, cant cast to roku but found it. Have no idea what's wrong but definitely not my skills and my internet.

Really like it, but sometimes the movie or show can lag. But overall I really like and enjoy this app!

I love netflix it does have great netflix movies and great netflix shows BUT can u upload movies other than netflix made tooo?? Lately i haven't seen alot of movies that come from out on theaters

The app is great overall however i do not like the fact that you remove shows that are being watched ,for example the show "lost" i was only up to season 4 ep 1

Makes me sign in everytime a show ends. Brutal. Or says my password is wrong when I just used it 30 minutes before to watch a TV show. And sometimes it just kicks me out then asks me to log in again. Never use to be like this... Brutal

Oh man I'm so happy...best customer response, wanted a forwards button so badly and you guys have done it! Love Netflix, thankyou

Don't you dare changing this layout. Big buttons in the middle of the screen, 10 sec back and forth, nice to have it back.

wors movie app. It has only like. 200 old. movies. Horrible. Red box. Is. Better. Netflix. Sucks. 👎👎👎👎

its because you dont have that much anime shows and you dont update your seasons on your app also you dont have a lot of good movies and shows

There's direct access to your account if there's an issue to report with shows or movies. It would be great if there were the option to skip intros to shows on the TV like there are with this app.

Its very nice and I love the app ever since the first time I tried it. Its quite addictive but great!

I can only see the forward or rewind 10 secs option sometimes. Can you advise what the issue is?

Everything is perfect but the app keeps on logging me out! I can't watch a full episode without getting kicked out!

I love Netflix, but it just freezes and crashes when I try and watch it (Razer Phone) and forces my phone to restart..

I get signed out after every video/episode I watch... C'mon netflix

App & content is great, but not so much as to ditch/switch from all others. THAT SAID, depending on May schedule - if Michelle Wolf actually gets her show - I might be canceling my Netflix subscription anyway. HELLO HULU, AMAZON PRIME VIDEO & MANY OTHERS!

Keeps signing out as I watch anything. Using S8+. Don't have this issue on any other device.

Would gave 5 stars but alot of movies I search for I can't get. I know they have because there older movies.

Please fix the app. Ever since the update, nothing loads properly

Its a nice app we can watch tv shows, movies kids cartoon shows here.

Netflix is so awesome bc I get to watch any of my favorite shows plus new shows and Netflix Original!

Nonlonger finds my chromecast on my lg v30 making this app mostly useless

The movies and shows wouldn't load. They finally DO load, I accidentally pressed the back button and it won't save my spot

The Netflix originals are on point, when you want to binge watch!

I look for scify,documentaries and comedy Ser ing es or movies you have a fair variety

Garbage app, translation keeps switching as soon as you stop watching and the downloads gets erased if you don't re download it for a while but you cant just redownload it from the downloaded page so you have to redownload all individually.

Ever since I updated the app, it freezes every few minutes and forces me to sign in again. This becomes increasingly annoying when you're really trying to get into a show or movie. Very frustrating

Y'all took off goodfellas, smh, please bring it back<3

This app is very nice for when you have nothing to do with your life and just binge watching everything

Greatest and very easiest app I ever experienced. Thank you 🤗🤗Netflix and play store

I am new to it. However, would like a more descriptive sections such as fiction, horror, mythology fiction etc..

I tire of the selection but I have only myself to blame.

Why are there now red borders when watching shows ore movies? It is very distracting! Please change it back to black. If this continues I cancel my subscription.

Horrible, I can't play anything without it crashing. At first I thought it was my network, but after trying it at home with my WIFI it still had the same issue. Fix this Netflix!!!

Its great! They get a lot of new movies but I do with they would get older series

I have been a long time customer but the update broke the app have to sign in all the time and get Netflix can't be reached this needs attention are I will cancel

Latest update allows Netflix to override Blue Light Filter on my Galaxy S9+. Before the update I could watch movies with the Blue Light Filter on, this latest update turns the Blue Light Filter off. Please look in to this.

I think you need to update Netflix, because there's a lot of TV shows and movies that you think would be on Netflix, but aren't on it... You need to update Netflix

Don't like the update, each to their own.Just waiting for something better.

I would like it more if you leave the option where you can skip 10 seconds

I hate the new stupid UK/USA bull, I want to watch all my favourite movies but I can't because they "aren't available in my reigon" like I know the whole twighlight saga is on there but it won't come up at all for me, son of a peice of toast

I will up the review once the app actually starts working good again and stops signing me out every 2 minutes!

I'm using android phn after an update in the search option i am not able see the categories of movie like action ,horror , thriller .

I have installed it numerous times & also uninstalled due to it saying error every time l clicked on movie it's a real pain in the ass

This app is awesome! I have used it for 5 yrs, and I have never encountered any bugs!

The app keeps kicking me out after each episode. I have to log back in every time. The has been happening for about a week.

There's some movies and animes not in there.. I was hoping that you could add them in netflix. So i can watch But , it it good so far , it does not lag Keep up the good work

I like Netflix but when a new season on a show comes out I takes then forever to pit on netflix such as Riverdale

Ever since the last update, whenever I click next episode, or skip intro, it logs me out. Is really freaking annoying.

I like Netflix more than Hulu bc there is no commercials and I dont have to pay more to get rid of them.

The app won't stream above standard definition on any of my devices, regardless of how fast my internet is. Very annoying.

The app constantly pixelates the screen and will only play the sound. It will then log me out and ask me to log in again.

It's amazing and addictive can watch all my favourite shows if I could I would give it 💯 stars thank you

It keeps on saying ""Can't connect to Netflix"" my wifi is good i have the new update WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS.

I have been trying to cast from my galaxy s7 to my smart tv and roku box and getting the same 16001 timed out message!

Not fair how Netflix in Canada has much less content than that of Netflix in the U.S. Nice app, biased service.

HELP! I use to be able to easily double tap the edge of the screen to fast forward by 10 seconds. This has since been removed. I loved this feature! What's happening with it? I'm not alone!

Its awesome u get to watch movies before they come out.

The app freezes on the opening netflix screen since the update

It is a great app, however after the last update I lost the option to forward 10 seconds. It would be nice to add it back as sometimes there is a need to forward the scene and not just rewind.

It doesn't work i try everything but not helpful at all

It's good contains and nice programmes but not working on my mobile for few days, I tried to reinstall it but still not working. Need some solution or I will have to remove my subscription

Netflix just really got on my nerves I was in the middle of watching a series and now it's not on Netflix anymore

Since new update it auto plays downloaded next épisodes, but it shouldn't from settings.

Netflix is good, obviously, but what happened to that coming soon tab? I thought it was genius but almost as soon as it arrived it disappeared! Please bring it back.

App won't properly connect to the PlayStation 3, please fix. NOW. It's annoying has hell.

This app keeps on getting disconnected from chromecast

What the hell happen? I even can't sign up on my phone. It doesn't work

So da problema, como agora que nem uma série ou filme começa

I dont like the fact that when youve watched a movie so many times it gets rid of it

I can't log in from my account it says 'we can't find an email account with this email address ' please fix it i really want to watch. I'll rate it five star if u fix it. Thank you

Please please add forward button in interface like, 5 second forward with on touch or multiple 5 sec with multiple touch....

No new movies worth my time. Selection has been horrible lately

Netflix does not have latest TV shows episodes and Movies, second thing create a password for every screen in Netflix it would not allow other profile members to see the activity of others........

The subtitles are appearing with a delay after the update. Can you please fix that

The playback controlled are sometimes in the bottom left With only a 30s rewind (which is bad) and sometimes in the center with a 10s rewind and skip (which is much better). I'd like to see that fixed.

I'm unable to sign in totally hate it😠😠

I Don't Get Passed The Netflix Title Screen, Please Fix This!!!

Starting to suck, shutting down and logging out several times a day.

I like the app but u recently logout and it keeps saying I'm putting and incorrect password or email and I'm not and it's frustrating I don't know how to get back in

Tired of having less titles than other countries. It's boring

I really like the improvements i can now watch without buffering that use to be a problem not anymore thanks you guys im very happy

I like it, but sometimes it randomly shuts down my phone

It has very good and amazing movies and series. But sometimes, the suggestion doesn't match the genre I'm searching. But all in all, it's a great app!

Well I wanted to watch pokemon idk why they removed... I request to add them back...

The is broken now when I load it up it flicker all the time

Watch z nation or you are a lame

You remove movies and shows that I like watching. How could you expect people to stick with your service when you want us to pay more and shows keep getting removed?

Thanks for updating the network issue.

Honestly can't fault it right now, the app is great, very responsive, casting works perfectly, worth every penny

I'm really upset that the latest update broke screen mirroring

It cannot connect to my TCL smart Tv

All i can say is I Hate you I Love you I Hate that you deleted. Movies that I loooooooove.

Stopped working. Stuck at load screen. Tried uninstalling. Galaxy S7

Constantly changing password and it STILL won't let me log in! I am using the right information and everything!!

I wish Netflix has Disney and Nickelodeon shows on it like iCarly

Last update removed Bluetooth control support... Big loss

It's movie Worthy and everything is awesome,but I think an Update showing movie/Show recap plus a forwarding button would do

WHY I MUST PAY. IM A STUDENT AND I DONT HAVE A LOT MONEY FOR PAY😣😣😣

This has all your favorite movies an shows

I don't like the sign in

It's really good I'm glad they have it , it might not have all my favorite shows but what evs

Worst/rudest customer service of all time.

It's a nonsense app. While signing in it's saying my email id is not valid. I'm using the same id for so long. Ridiculous app

Irritating that most new releases are in foriegn language.

Keep crashing and logging me out of account.

Please can N u bring bag house of anubis

Everytime I go to watch something it logs me out (started happening at the end of April). Other than that it's decent

i love the new movies thank u

Why with huawei P20 Pro the movie is blank dark. Only can watch when u minimise the size. It shows only subtitle

Continuously signs me out when I get a phone call.

the new update sucks. WHY CAN'T I DOWNLOAD MOVIES LIKE I USED TO HUH? geez, I just wanted moana

If it's possible to have an option for full screen when using samsung DEX or other.

Your new video player interface is so bad please downgrade it or make something better like mxplayers or others players please do it ASAP .....😇😇😇😇😇

Would you pls let me knw from where i can create an account in this?? Pagal kr dia h... Salaaa.... Sign in sign in... Jbtk create nai hoga account sign in kyaaa khaak krungi?????

The app works great except it refuses to download episodes offline it says my storage is full which it isn't

Hey ... i only want one thing from u Netflix Team ... What if u Guys add .. A quality control that we can control inside the episode we Watch .. like Starzplay ... it will really be great if u guys add this feature ... Hope u will ... Thnx .. Netflix The best ❤

Very easy to use. I can watch awesome shows.

It has a great way if displaying Netflix for a mobile device, and it's easy to use and I like the layout.

It doesn't work to me. Why?

GET IT ITS LIKE CONSTANTLY HAVING YOURE TV WITH YOU EASY AND READY TO USE WHENEVER

Haven't been able to use netflix for over a week. Won't let me log on. Paying for something that I cant use.

Most of the time doesn't work.

How to fix the black screen in android

Add a bunch of zombie movies Pls

I would die without Netflix

U should add all the Godzilla movies, gamera movies all the rebirth of mothras, it would be great for the people who love these titles.

Awesome and seriously loved it..!!gr8 app but as a 30 sec reverse button also add a 30 sec forward button for easy navigation...

Just downloaded the app, but I have used Netflix on other equipment and rate it highly.

You had the 10 second forward and rewind on the mobile device. it was great!... Why would you remove that feature.

It's an amazing app

La aplicación ha estado inestable, me apaga mi teléfono al reproducir vídeo

Need empire and more action movies and new scary movies too

Was watching Gravity Falls.. The next day, it was gone. Couldn't find it. Please fix this asap.

Good as New. Hahaha really nice movies in here. Thumb up

Its Great!.Free Trials,Cancel Anytime And Great Customer Service! Great Job You earned 5 Stars

Dont take phineas and Ferb off that was the dumbest decision netflix has ever made plz bring it back.

BRING BACK RUPAULS DRAG Race!!!

Thanks for bringing the 10 sec forward or rewind buttons again!... Best app deserves 5 stars.

I gave you one star because the 10 second fast forward feature has been removed

The app hasn't worked in 2 weeks. It keeps updating and it won't load

Where is sign up option? It's the first time I wana sign up and it hasn't!

Please update again. Newest update done and I keep getting logged off

I been having Netflix for 2 years Now and I love it

Not ashamed to admit that I'm addicted to everything that Netflix has to offer

Samsung S7 Active, app causes my phone to reboot when starting from status bar notification.

Download Netflix just to watch Busted! Oh Sehun Actor rises.. dont forget to watch it..

I loved it but it took off my favorite show the secret life of the American teenager

Lost in Space is so dumb

I wish it has the same 10s forward/backward functions for android

You can go to hell

Its amazing I really love how you can download stuff you you can watch you favorite shows while traveling!

Not as much shows as Hulu, but has some originals though.

Well i think that u guys should more 🎥 like spirit away

How can we signup it shows only the option to signin...of we r new how can we reg

Nothing's better than sitting down in my psych class and turning on my show. Love Netflix

It would be really nice if you just added a forward button too to the screens.

Its very nice but disconnects sometimes

M/S MILON MEDICAL HALL 3370,NABIGANJ-INATHGANJ ROAD,NABIGANJ,BANGLADESH

You people need to add more Naruto episodes/seasons

Its a good way where you can watch movies when you are bored

This service doesnt support in my area or by my connection😡

Video player interface was very good before the last update..Kindly change it to previous one

By far one of the best movie apps just need to update the films more often

Netflix is great. I love being able to pass the time with movies in the palm of my hand.

Error 1.20 has been corrected, all is great again.

Message ::Open app again 100 times but never open

I love this app. It helps with passing time and catch up on my favorite movies.

Can't download show into my download and there is nothing in it

After the update I can't watch from phone to tv

Categories and language specific search need improvements.

Needs more TV-14 movies. Too many movies are TV-MA

No longer opens after the latest update.

I have it for both my tv and my phone

Why I can't sign in using Facebook

It keeps signing me out

What happened to the feature to add to my list?

I love that you can download shows to watch offline. This is an underrated feature.

OML I lovenetflix. I love watching my favorite shows anytime I just love the app all together great app❤❤❤❤ ❤ ❤

Love it never glitchy..perfect when I can't get it to work on my t.v

Why can't i delete my ' continue watching ' list.

Very good I like it. They got rid of some shows that i liked tho.

Miss the old mobile friendly version. .

Bring back my list!! Please

Best watching service ever has only show you ever need worth the money

The app is not opening at all

I like so much the updates

its netflix no meed to comment

No more TV since Netflix

Great for "netflix and chill" with any guy that I bring over to my house.

Stop the ads please or I will not use the app any more.

Não pode faltar no celular!!!

Great team,, but please tell the team of Smart TV app to update as well.

The best app since Youtube

Got this app on android, ios and, PlayStation. Its excellent on all 3!

This version of the app is excellent. It does everything I need it to do.

There's no display of content

Honestly this just needs to be free by this point...

Why did you removed bleach?

How do you make an account?

Uhhh i cant sign up

Thanks for considering suggestion. Great app now. From 2 stars to 5 stars

Its a Yes for me fam

Cant login poor apps

Fantastic! Needs more shows in Australia, keep us up with USA!

Season 4 for flash please

It was a pleasure to use this app

Buggy after recent update

I couldn't even use it

Never works on mobile

Benn A fan for years.

Netflix offers the best service for all ages. Can't get enough of it. Love it.

Gold gold

It's good but they should Add boruto dub plz

Thank you for bringing back the rewind/forward by 10 seconds!

I can't sign up

Love it I can watch my favorite movie and tv show

I like it...please keep the animes

A really good show is Dc legends of tommrow check it out

Overall good but should improve their liabrary and Aldo ui

Love the new update with 10second forword and back and next episode button

Its a good app to watch your favorite tv shows and movies on

That's an entertainment!

The new layout and the new features are so sweet and smooth. Worth paying for it.

There should not be an limit on downloading it should go off of storage space

10 second rewind and fast forward. Too much to ask for?

I love the app but they need to bring back high school musical!

Netflix is awesome.i would definitely recommend this too my friends and family

Nextflix all day ✌

Please bring back the fast forward and centered pause buttons.

I like Netflix 💙

It's a nice App but you have to pay monthly

Just try it!

Its was pretty good not great

Plz add more. Glitter forces i love it so plz

That's are I hope

👍👍👍

I so love netflix!!! I get to watch every show tthat i like!

Good usability and has casting feature to TV , what is great.

I love to watch movies and now I can

Watch movies!!

I Totally Dig It! :)

It logs out after every episode!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I think it should have more kid friendly movies

I love this app so much nothing else to say

Fantastic I use it when I travel wonderful to watch movies

It's good

Why i cant sign in ?

Great app I watch this more then I do cable

Is works grate

I like this app

Would love to have 1-touch 10/15-second fast forward.

the new updates suck

Lost in Space was great! Netflix originals are to of the line.

I love it it has all the TV shows I like I just love it

Its awsome!!!!!! So much movies and shows you can watch!!!!!!😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃

I would be happy if друг was my friend

I realy like it and my favorite movie is the visit

Its too good but should be fee for a month

It is cool to watch my favorite shows and movies on

Need the ability to recommend a movie to friends within the app

For me, you are doing great for this app.

Don't want it

I wish I could cast trailers... Otherwise great.

Upgraded to a Sony Z2 and now have an audio sync issue.

Its perfect but not all the seasons

It's okay

My name Amit. Kumar.. apps.. Amy..g

I love netflix its family friendly

Best Hollywood Movie app in the world !

Good shows, simple interface. Well worth it.

easy to use and plenty of great choices 😍

Great service for movies watching. Superb

Awesome when u want to each movie's

Its a good add for watching movies on.

I love this app! I use Netflix, Everywhere!!!

Scam!!! Want payout!!!!

My kids love using Netflix.

It's just a very good app

Love it so much amazing thanks

Last update brings useful features

i love this app it is very easy to use

Get better movies and series broooooooooo

Its the best app i ever get

Very good app for the shows and movies

I love the greatest showman movie

I think its a great app

Amazing I use it every day

This is nice i really love it!

Its ok

I like this

you are horabble

It sucks

IT LIIIIIIIIIIIIT

SNIPER NINJA

Easy to use with good choice's.

I Love it,its amazing💗

It is better then hulu

This app is really cool

stress reliever good app

Love it, Netflix is amazing

yaya, it is goooooooood!

I love Netflix because if I miss a movie on TV I can watch it here 😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀

Everythings good but why no spongbob???🤔

0...stars

Love this is sick 🤕🤒😷🤑😨😧😦😦

Love it..keep it up.

Really really great:)

Great app!

We love it!

Its Awesome!!

It has awesome distract to it 😋😋😋😎😎😎😁😁😁🤗🤗🤗😜😜😜

Note 8 amazing

Very very good

I love this app

One word. Love it.

I love this app

Amazingly great app

AWSOME i love this app

I love Netflix

App is very helpful

Good Love Great

I love the app

I LOVE ITTTTTTT

Awesome app!! ♡♡

It's the best app ever😂😂🎩 😁 👕👍Great! 👖 🎩 😁 👕👍Great! 👖 🎩 😁 👕👍Great! 👖 🎩 😁 👕👍Great! 👖 🎩 😁 👕👍Great! 👖

I Love it 💞😊

Gucci

Awwwwweeessssoooooommmmmmeeeeeee

EnterNetFlicks

Nothing

It's addictive

I love it!!!!

Nice app 😀

Great!

Love it!

Um ...... Cool I guess🙌😏

AWESOME APP

Just great

Its good

It is good

Great app

Still the best

Love Netflix

Great App

I love it

Very good

It is amazing

Flawless streaming

Really good

great app

I love it

Great experience

Its amazing

Its cool...

Y'all are the best

Love love love

Love it💗

Love it. .

Love it...

Love it

Great

p e r f e c t

Intresting

Great

Amazing

Good

love it

Great

loved it

good

Amazing

Love it

Excelent

Cool

Amazing

AMAZING

Awesome

Awesome

Love it

Love it

Interesting

love it

Gooooooooooooooooood

Awesome

Awsome

Amazing

The new update sucks, It crashes and doesn't show subtitles sometimes and even if i close it, The audio plays in the background until force stopped

This new update cause the video to freeze and is unresponsive so you have to close it out.

Great up grade. Love the downloads I can watch offline

I wish there were more 90's shows, like the original full house

But don't have downloaded options

Can you please add futurama

How can I unsubscribe?

Keep it up Netflix...

It's so amazing and I like the movies they add

Good

Cool

Why can't I browse things to watch vertically? And why can I only watch things horizontally? Let me choose horizontal or vertical viewing and scrolling like every other app

Finaly after being unusable because of batery drain for months, a version that works as it supposed to work. 4 stars for a great app. Not 5 because for lack of responce when the app didn't work.

The update to fix the update ain't all that great. Still makes me log in constantly. Playback not like it used to be either. PLEASE TRY AGAIN. :/

The is a lot of film that doesn't have Indonesian subtitles, very bad. What the point you sell a premium account in Indonesia without full facilities. Fix this i will give 5 start.

App is in poor shape after the last few updates. Keeps disconnecting from Chromecast during playback

I had already really liked Netflix but I didn't like how it rewinded 30 sec Now that's there's 10 second rewinding and fast forward I'm happy

If you don't believe me install the app, it's the best movie app ever. Try it!

Should not withhold episodes just so it can keep you paying tbh it keeps u waiting when about three srasons are already out.Does it on purpose to make more money not fair.

The picture keeps going all jumbled and then it signs me out

I love it but the one con is you can't watch your shows as soon as you'd like

She wanted to watch Netflix and chill but I just wanted to watch Netflix for real

It logs me out all the time even half way through shows

WHEN ARE YALL GOING TO UPDATE SOME OF THE SERIES??? TIRED OF WAITING!!!!!

Netflix is an awesome app to watch any show you want as long as you pay monthly also it lets you download movies and shows to watch but you have to have to have enough storage

Kept crashing with chromecast while other apps worked perfectly!

Lackluster Google cast performance.

When I finish my show it stays in my continue watching and starts over.

Best -one word to describe ittttttttt😃

Lost all my downloads why

We need Doctor Who back

Bro his is best 👌

Amazballs loves it me do.

I just love it. It works perfectly! Thanks a lot folks.

I love the app and the fact that there are not adds

I love it

I watch Voltron on here, so it's great

Cool im enjoying movies

Fire App 🔥 🔥

Never use bad aap

Awesome

Greatflix

Excellent

Best App

I love it

Great

Great

netfix is grate for grabing a bag of chips and stitting the choch and pulling a all nighter with friends or family many populer shows and movies .

Make higher resolution available for s9 plus, also when you press the fill screen button I don't expect to pause it and for it to unfill the screen so I have to press it again

Please sing in

"Middle east version review" Great app if you like watching tv shows but if your in for the movies it has poor collection. i gave it 4 stars because occasionally it stops connecting to google chrome cast where i found myself needing to reboot booth chromcast and the app to get it works again

They took off family Guy and alot of my favorite. Shows so I think they should. Bring back Jessie Mighty Med lab rats family Guy and. Other shows that were taken of because lots of people miss the shows Netflix's takes off but it is a very good place to watch shows and movies

It's buggy as can be, it drops the connection to my Chromecast all the time. Makes it very difficult to enjoy a good superhero bingefest. Seems Netflix really wants me to have a Samsung phone. The idea that any app in the play store won't play well with a Pixel is absurd.

