I swear you guys are doing this to spite me! The 10 second rewind/fast-forward were back for like a day and then when I come back the next day, what do you know! It's gone. Getting my hopes up and destroying it over and over again. Thanks for That!

Hello. The apps was my stress relieving after my work done. I am at saudi arabia right now. Can i have a questions.. Why there is no other season of riders of berks? Please put it in i am a really fan of how to train your dragon. Please add more season in this app.

Everything on the app is great, but not actually being able to watch anything??? The audio and buttons work, I'm just left with a black screen with voices. Please fix!!! Netflix has always been my go to on iOS but its a let down on android

New gui is ferociously terrible with new management. We used to skim through the spot we wanted to continue our show if we lwft off. Now its 10sec a time. Don't force dictate our journey on your now specialized shows. Spotify will be better with hulu if you try such shortcomings

Entire family uses and loves Netflix. Extremely user friendly. Only 1 minor complaint; maybe once or twice a month the app will be slow/sit and spin but it's never been over 10-15 minutes before it's back to working perfectly. Highly recommend.

Its logging me out every time I pause, backup, do anything... or leave the app and then try to go back in to continue a show. Very annoying. Will change rating when fixed.

You guys took my favorite show off here. And I was almost done with it. It makes me so freaking upset when I pay about 18$ a month to watch. You guys need to stop removing shows.

Hate it. Netflix has taken all the good series and movies off the platform. Now its a bloody app for kids programs, where is black sails, vikings you guys are shit

FINALLY THEY ADDED THE 10SEC FORWARDING AND REWINDING BACK. the 30 sec rewinding was rubbish. The app is so good however they need more and newer series/movies

Chromecast implementation is just awful. Most of the time the app isn't aware that it's playing anything which makes pausing impossible. Nobody st Netflix seems to care their app is total garbage.

I absolutely love the new UI! It's modern, sleek, and intuitive to use! On top of that, it fixed issues with the virtual navigation bar on Android devices from sticking around occasionally while watching content.

It was working all right until netfix had its recent update. When you disable the subtitles. The subtitles is still present after disabling. The subtitles of when it was disabled is clearly visable on screen instead of disappearing totally. 🤤

Ever since this apps recent update I can no longer use the app on my phone. It goes to the black screen that says netflix but will not go any further. As someone who pays to use this app I would like to be able to use it

For the last two days I have not been able to watch any movies because it says Netflix has stopped working if they don't fix it soon I am going to discontinue my service with them and find someone else so they need to get on the ball and fix the problem

They should bring back the star ratings. Thumbs up/down is terrible and doesn't work. I hate always having to switch to Rotten Tomatoes or IMDB to get the star ratings for movies.

The are you watching feature does not work on this version on a Note 8. I usually fall asleep watching the office but instead of kicking off after a couple episodes after I fall asleep I wake up the next morning and Jim and Pam are getting married

Updated the app and facing a problem with the google cast icon. The cast icon doesn't seems to be working, * i tried to select my tv--> i clicked on its name/tv model or something like that in the cast icon and nothing happened. Tried multiple times and still nothing. FIX IT PLEASE

Why keep changing the layout? I like the forward and backward button. If it wasnt for the easy accessible layout.. i wld prob give 4 stars.

Seriously fix this issue... i love Netflix but you have to stop messing with it! If it's not broke don't fix it.... well now it's broke can't fast forward or review anything in the episode I am on just says loading very frustrating...

The application crashes and logs me out of the account randomly. I have had to log in 5 times within a 30 minute span.

It crashes frequently, everytime I skip the intro to a show or pause or crashes and signs me out of the app. Really thinking about canceling my membership if this keeps up. (Galaxy S8 Plus)

The you choose adventure, puss in boots is not a you choose adventure like it used to be. FIX IT NOW!!!!!!!!!! This used to be something fun to do but now you have renewed it. This is not cool. Now it's just a useless extra. Try to make it the way it used to be.

As of this last update, no problems, thanks. I enjoy much of Netflix originals, as well as being able to watch other things like some of the newer Disney movies. I do sometimes wish there was a bigger selection of older movies, otherwise great.

Latest updates have turned this app into utter trash. Constant video distortion, frequent errors, and constantly being logged out in the middle of a show. One star until these issues are fixed.

The new update doesn't work on my Samsung galaxy s9. I'm logged out every time I try to do anything. The video starts out garbled if I ever get to the video. Someone screwed up.

After doing the latest 2 updates. It logs me out after every single episode and if it's paused for too long! Please correct asap.

Depois de uma nova atualização, simplesmente, sumiu todas as categorias de gêneros de títulos que eu poderia assistir. Só aparece Filmes, Séries e Tudo, nada mais. O design para o LG G6 está incrível, mas falta todos os recursos!

Since last update, every few days it asks me to sign in, nd then it says unable to reach netflix service. So every few days I have to uninstall and install the app again.

This app is amazing and has gotten me through many long and difficult days, however lately ever single time I try to watch any episode or movie of any program, it always ends with the same result. It restarts my phone, any explanations on this would be greatly appreciated.

The app needs FastForward, Rewind buttons. It is frustrating that there is only a 30 second skip back option but no 30 second skip forward button. Over all, the app developer did not think it through well about users expectations from the app. It sucks.

The new rating system is useless. Having to resort to alternative rating sites. 99% match is total bull****.

I am unable to sign in suddenly. I keep getting a message saying 'Netflix Site Error'. Please assist.

Hey! I can't load any of the movies/series. My internet connection is okay, I updated the app and everything. Help! It keeps saying that there is a problem with the video?

This app is annoying in terms of constantly signing me out. I think it got to do with Android devices because my brothers (apple users) never complained so fix this glitch!

Screen keeps going black on android o and downloads and on online and clearing cache and restoring down work. Just comes back in its own time. The version Luke works and the stuff played just no picture

I like the content. My only gripe are the button placements. I liked the previous one where the pause/play button was at the middle and the presence of a +10 / - 10 second buttons

Problem with the cast function. Cant cast to my sony bravia smart tv. When you press the cast button and choose where to cast the app does in fact turn on the netflix app on the tv. But it doesnt play the movie.

The app. Keeps booting me off mid show / movie and when you play anything the screen is all different colors and freezes then makes you sign back in NETFLIX WHAT IS GOING ON ????????

Netflix is lacking..... i'm looking for a replacement. To much non english subtitle movies. If i wanted to read id go to the library. Im getting bored with the service

When are they going to put shadow hunters on this. And put more shows on the US one like Teen wolf and others plz if not I will tell people to stop useing this app

I wrote a detailed paragraph but it got deleted and I'm too lazy to rewrite it. Summary: I would have given it five stars, but the new update sucks--too much lag. Fix it or change it back to the previous version.

Lots of old movies still not in net flix. Was planning to watch MCU movies but it was incomplete here. Probably this will be my last months subscription.

Netflix is cool. But recently the took a lot of stuff that I liked off. Also it updated pretty slowly. Other than that everything is cool. I'm also glad that there ore no ads and it is categorized nicely.

It keeps on throwing me out and making me log in every time I mess with the time trying to either get ahead in a movie or go back.

Too often I need to login again, then the app log-me out, then I have to login again ... This happens lot of times, I live abroad and I think there's a country checking logic somewhere that's mess up everything ...

It's a great app. if only it would work. I can hardly play anything without getting an error saying Netflix unavailable. I love using it but I need it to work

Good app but not happy that one of my devices (the one I primarily use to watch it) is all of a sudden "unsupported". Very annoyed and I hope it is fixed soon.

I love Netflix! It has a bunch of shows and movies and changes every month. I'm watching Pretty Little Liars on Netflix right now.

The user experience should be improved... Navigation is very poor and many logical areas are missing like reviews as an example, proper categories charts and so on... Funny that pirated content apps are doing better like popcorn and stremio

I would like it more if you leave the option where you can skip 10 seconds