I have tried 5 times to get this to work and every time after I enter the code it just says the app stopped working. Please fix this as the app is a cool concept, having your phone as the idroid. Until then it's a 1 star from me.

This suck....the app don't work for 360 will rate more stars if you can fix plz...... I luv this game and need the full experience I played mgs gz with the app on ps3 and lets say s*** happens but now I'm on my 360 and no app...plz fix

As of this moment, this companion app will only work until I try to connect to my PS4. After logging in and tapping on the icon for my PS4, the app immediately crashes. No matter how many times this process is repeated, I seem no closer to getting it to function.

The buttons aren't marked, that's not a huge deal you get used to it. Its only a map though you should be able to control online dispatch missions and check resources. Maybe it notifies you when  Your FOB is attacked. There is a huge opportunity for expansion that was not taken.

I just get an error code 5503, log in page dies after half a second, perhaps an issue with my version of Android and the default web browser it uses or some malarky, complete bullcrap regardless. Buttons on side are also damn near impossible to see.

Huge battery drain. My tablet last about 3 days but this app will kill the battery in 3 hours. Yesterday it worked fine while your servers were down. Now it crashes every few mins and disconnects. FIX!

I decided to try this but upon switching on wifi and restarting i was greeted with only 3 options: ps3, ps4, and xbone and was like "wheres pc?". I can understand not being on 360 (cuz 360 is old but ps3 isnt, definately!) But not on pc? Common thats just lazy

Constantly stops recognising PS4 and disconnecting after about 2 minutes. Menu icons appear totally arbitrary and saying 'unintuitive' would be putting it mildly. Fallout 4 pipboy app is what MGS5 app should be like.

Constantly timing out even though I touch the screen every few minutes.  Keeps disconnecting saying different account even though I have not changed anything and I was able to use the app before it disconnects. This is for ps4 on a galaxy s5 phone.

Not working, unusable.  Ecery time I try to log in and to connect to my PS4, the app just stops working and closes itself, What a waste. Well, it would be better if this app doesn't exist in the first place.

The app simply does not work. I am stuck in a loop of trying to sign in to my PS4. After a log in attempt, it throws an error and crashes the app.

App work well when tagging enemies and calling in choppers but doesn't allow support for the new "Definitive Edition" which includes both MGSV games. If this would be fixed would definitely be appreciated!

Might've been neat if it would work. It prompts me to sign in to my psn account (I do so) then it says to connect to my specific ps4 in the settings (and I do so). After putting in the code my ps4 generates for devices to connect with however, the app crashes.

I feel like I am running a timed demo. This shuts down every 4 minitues or so for 'unusual data' but I am on a network dedicated to my ps4. If Fallout 4 can do it, why can't MGSV execute?

Released main game on 5 platforms, but only support 3 of them work it's companion app. Konami failed again.

I have the Definitive Edition of this game and I can't connect to it. It's essentially the same game. My PS4 tells me that it needs to download the application, which turns out to be the Phantom Pain game only. Please fix this. I'm enjoying the game though. Brilliance.

it says bugs fixed. now ever time i connect to my ps4, within the next minute I'm disconnected or my ps4 doesnt even show up. i don't know what's going on. (ps4 hooked up w ethernet, LG G4 phone on same network wifi)

It supports the platform's it claims to support. Many complain that it doesn't support platform X. It never claimed to support platform X. Why you have to be mad?

Is like to give a valid rating, but after signing in all it does is cycle back to the home screen. Repetitive loop, not worth the effort.

Can't really rate an app I can't use. The app always crashes when I'm trying to sync ro PS4. I'm able to sync with my Playstation app bur not this one. Loved it for last MGS so wad looking forward to using again.  LET DOWN.

It wouldn't work. When I tried to input the device pairing code it simply crashed the app. Absolutely useless even with my Google pixel which I thought should be able to handle something like this

Why can't the old game companies ever create good, compelling, WORKING mobile experiences?  This app doesn't even start. It's laughable.

App could not even connect properly. I know this game is a few years old, but really?

Everyone giving this a 1star either has an Xbox or an iPhone. How to fix issue: get a console that focuses on games and not updating your twitter, and a phone not made for toddlers. Problem solved : )

In ps4 the 2 games are in one disk so It would only work if you play the phantom pain "only" i guess...

It does not offer the PC platform. Only for consoles..also no option to cancel download of maps..so if you selected the 700mb download by mistake you're done. closed and uninstalled.

How is it you thought it was a good idea to release a companion app without support for either PC or Xbox 360? If I could go negative stars for that I would.

I'd really like to give this app an honest rate but does not work for me. Every time I try to connect to my PS4 the app immediately crashes no matter what I do

I purchased this game and was so excited to see it has the idriod app. But was immediately disappointed when I noticed there is no pc support. Good thing I just but the game and will be getting a refund.

There isn't any PC support! I couldn't get past the main menu and I was so hyped up for this! Major disappointment. Please do add support as soon as possible.

If it worked I would rate it 5 stars.  After I log into the app for Xbox one all I get is error code 5503 and nothing else shows.

If this app could notify you every time every time your FOB gets attacked it will be so much more relevant and useful. PLEASE ADD THAT!

Got an Xbox one, successfully log in to my Microsoft account, get error code 0095. Will change review if this gets fixed.

I own a copy of phantom pain in my pc, and I am completely disappointed that this app does not support PC only console. It's a shame because this app looks useful and fun to use during gameplay. If there is a PC connection I would raise my review. Thank you

The app cant take a picture like ground zeroes. Its really weird that I have iPhone5 in idroid case but I cant use the app anf need to use the app on andriod device. Lack of development if consider the time from gz to tpp.

Those familiar with this app will know it doesn't work with the latest versions of android. Therefore, like Metal Gear Survive, its only use is as a waste of storage.

Doesn't work. Update says that bugs have been fixed, but it doesn't work. The moment I go to connect, the app crashes. Would have been nice to have been able to use it.

App generates error . It does this when it launches to connect with my Sony PlayStation 4 account.  I do not have this issue with the older game and app for MGSV GZ. Please fix this problem.

Doesn't work on sony xz premium! When connecting the app crashes completely. I give up, nice idea but it's not happening for me no matter what I try

Great for looking at the map quickly. However if giving orders to buddy through app, buddy magically disappears and you need to call them into the mission again.

App crashes very often, placing markers doesn't work at all.  Can't even manage troops, or development projects.  All the app does, is play cassette tapes, and show the map.  That's it.  I don't even use it.

Awful lot of complaints on here for a free app. Works fine for me. I just wish I could continue playing the tapes with my phone screen off.

Why no Xbox 360 compatibility?  If you have PS3 compatibility,  then you should have 360 compatibility. You have both Xbox One and PS4.

Worked fine with my PS3. Now with my PS4, after I download the map, I sign in to the PSN network and TPP app will restart and want me to sign in again. It does this over and over. What is going on? Please help. I love the game and app.

I downloaded it then download map. It is then just a green screen with side buttons that don't do anything when I click them. Yes I logged into my ps account maybe it's because I don't have an online account of this because the ps3 won't update

I downloaded this partly for the fact that I could listen to some of the music in my iDroid. And In the music part Tape 1 is there. But not Tape 2 which has my favourite songs. I don't know if this is a bug or what.

Wasn't even able to connect, got to the I Droid connect portion and each time I clicked my ps4 if crashed and then when loading back up, would immediately crash a second time.

Functional, but clumsy controls make entering/exiting harder. Will not connect to my PS3 anymore.works well but CANNOT play music that has been unlocked (IE the radio songs, maneater, etc. But none of this matters if it won't connect????

Installed the app and nothing....just a webpage with info regarding the game :( Would love to use this as an aid while I watch my fiance play.

It just does not work. Every time I want to link the app to my PS4, after entering the code, the app simply crashes.

Its been a long time and konami isnt showing interest in making the connection easier to make the game n app work.

The just restarts over and over again when trying to log in .. You guys are the worst. Its been months and still no fix ..

I'm online on my Xbox one. Try to sign in on this app, only error 0096 every time! So frustrating.

I can't connect as the playstation says app not found for 'the definitive experience' game(MGS V GZ&TPP bundled) then shows the original version of TPP

Please update the app, it want to launch mgs5:tpp but I have Définitive Expérience. Thame issue for GZ companion.

When launched it worked fine an I loved it, now it disconnects after several minutes, on 4 different platforms. Pretty poor performance......

I have tried this app on 2 separate devices, and all i get is a browser popup regardless as to where i touch the screen, if you can offer some help i will rate it 5 star

Doesn't work. I sign in to my xbox one account and then says no data where the map should be displayed

Every time I tried to download a map the screen eventually locked losing all map data and requires i have to start again.... Fix this!

Please update for Xbox 360 compatibility; if available for PS3 and PS4, should be also for Xbox One 'and' 360.

3 different devices tried with this app,   all three got error 0096.  Any help would be appreciated in fixing it

Ok the only reason I've given 1 star is because I've the MGS 5 the definitive experience and it won't load the map just because I haven't bought TPP individually which imo needs to be fixed.

App works well with The disc copy of the game.  Not digital.  I have MGSV: The definitive experience,  Doesnt seem to work even though its the same game. .

Idroid has been removed and its basically now a website with information about the game and links to buy it. Completely useless

It used to work but now I login and get an error message when I try and connect. I've tried reinstalling the app but that hasn't helped.

Useless app, upon pairing it gives error C80F80901, then exits app. Forgets psn login every time I start it. Terrible! Annoying!

Useless, turns out it's not compatible with MGSV Definitive edition, what's worst is that they don't care to point it out. Waste of time and space

It won't let me use the app. All I get is   a error code 5503. I even installed it twice and same thing. Junk app

Really?  Xbox 360 isn't supported?  Why the hell not?  Even though it is the minority of MGS V, there are still a lot of people that play on it.

The superior platform to play this game on (PC) is not supported. This is garbage

It works for me.. pretty cool. Could maybe have more features. And if don't work for u it's prolly your phone

Receiving error C-80F80901.  App crashes on every attempt to sign-in.  Having this issue with the app installed on Samsung Galaxy S8+.

Very quick and easy to use. Awesome substitution for pausing and being defenseless. I can call strikes or supply drops pretty quick.

Was awesome until my phone updated to Android 7.  Now it crashes when i try logging in

On Droid Turbo 2, latest update - always crashes after trying to connect to the PS4 console

I have the definitive experience edition on PS4 and this app doesn't work with that edition please fix it as soon as possible.

It doesn't work just takes up space and keeps crashing. Asking to send error report

I was kinda excited to see that finally the mgsv app is released but I was disappointed to found out that there was no platform for pc.Will rate 5 stars if there is one

Pure crap.  Not use full one bit  they made this app just to puss people off.

One thing that i cannot seem to do is to connect this app to my ps4 i downloaded it and it got me to sign in and i put my username and password for it to log in into it and the screen goes blank and the app restarts by itself... Pls help

This app is broken, it doesn't work at all it was a waste of my time trying do get it to connect but it would only show a blank screen that has no response from the menus please fix I love the game but the app would help

Everytime I enter my PlayStation 4's registering code to add my device the app crashes I attempted registering my device several times before giving up, I am using a nuvision tablet and this has been a frustrating experience.

Same issues as so many others. Endless cycle of signing in, only to have the app crash and restart.

Cannot use app. I log into my psn account select my ps4 then the app crashes.

It works great!  But i want to have the option to manage and view online stuff like fob missions so i can keep track when im away from home.  Please make an update to include this?

Useless. Will not connect to PS4 despite repeated attempts.  Waste of time.

Seriously after all the BS with your forced online components to the game you can't even make your app online? Seriously even Runescape can make an app to let you connect to your account. Get it together Konami.

The little ihave actually used this app it worked great very little delay in the information from you marking targets and it showing in the app and it works on FOBs too!

This app doesn't even function signed in to psn probably 30+ times and yet it tried making me sign in again. This app is garbage and will make you hate the game.

I click to open the iDroid, do everything it tells me to to connect to my Playstation, but once I enter the code from the PS4 to connect the app, the app crashes, and when I open it again I'm not logged in. Happens every time.

'An error has occurred' every time I try to login, using a Sony Xperia XA1, so it's not like I'm using a Samsung, I get into logging into the ps4 and it immediately boots me out with no Explanation. FIX THIS!

Everything gets a one 🌟 because after I sync with my psn account. The app just keeps resetting. Fix this problem and I'll gladly fix my rating

I can't even start the app when I put the code into the ap to connect to my ps4 it just force closes the app saying it stopped working

Was working up to the point where it ask for psn login. Everytime i log in the app restarts and then ask for login again. Its a wonferful idea for an app but its just too buggy to use

Keeps crashing/stopping just after I try to associate the app with my PS4. I enter the number then it crash. On Samsung Galaxy Note 8

I tried using it but it tells me to log into my PlayStation account which i did, but it just keeps taking me back to the PlayStation log in and won't work

I love the app and the game but there's a problem while trying to connect the app to the ps4 it crashes and it wont connect to the ps4 it works fine on other devices except the s8 plus

Im a strong metal gear solid fan since i have been little but i am very disappointed that its not compatible for xbox 360 but still compatible for ps3 my review will not change until you guys make it xbox 360 compatible again please and thank you

I have MGSV: TPP for Xbox 360, but it only has available: PS3, PS4, and Xbox One. Unless you have those platforms, don't bother downloading.

I'm on ps4 with an lg g Flex the app opens ,connects to my ps4 but only shows the box that the map should be contained in with no map I it

I can get logged in, even see my PS4 but as soon as I connect to it the app crashes everytime

This app was made with computers yet it only works with PS or Xbox consoles. In other words no Steam support. Useless.

Why isn't compatible with the PC version of the game? You're losing tons of possible downloads..

Absolute junk, force closed every time I attempted to pair with ps4.

I was unable to utilize the app, I keep getting an error and the application closes out on me after I select my PlayStation 4.

Constantly crashes when attempting to connect to ps4...as broken as it gets...complete waste of my time and patients

I think this would be nice if it worked, or if you just implemented this into the PlayStation App's Second Screen  function because right now this is a waste of 1.3 GB and you can't even connect to your PS4 without it crashing

When it's time to choose the console after login, the app just crash and ask to restart. Doesn't work. Fix this for God sake!

That's a shame, we pc players are the least important customers for konami, i have the game on steam so i cant use the app

I only give it 1s cause its not 360 supported if u changed that id gladly make it 5

Just doesn't work at all, as soon as you sign into psn and select the ps4, it just crashes.  Using on a Pixel XL

It connects then says error occurrence and then disconnects immediately. I cant even use it, please fix!

When I go to sign in it says no ps4 found.

The app doesn't work. Keeps shutting down when trying to connect to my console. They should really fix this bug

It's seems great but you guys need to update this app so people can use it, I'm using a Moto z2 force and Everytime I try to connect to my PS4 it just says that the app shut down.

It works I guess... I placed a marker from my phone and it showed up in game, 340m below the ground.

The app does not work. I always get error code 5503.

Y don't u have xbox360 option instead u just have ps3 ps4 and xbox1 I have it for xbox360 can't even use it

Fix your app Konami. Weren't you guys supposed to go mobile? You're not doing a good job at it that's for sure.

I look at this and read about it and there no xbox 360 support. I love the game. One of my favorite games of all time, but u need to fix this right and I will give u five exact stars.

looks like this app is useless for players late to the game on this one. this app will crash if you try to connect to a PS4

FORCE CLOSES EVERY TIME TRY TO CONNECT TO PS4 - HAS NEVER WORKED ONCE - NEXUS 5X RUNNING NOUGAT

Tried many times, does not work. Crashes when trying to log in to PSN. Non functional without logging in, so it seems

I cant connect with  out this app crashing i love the game but this is just annoying when the companion app doesnt even work

The app keeps restarting as i want to connect tride for half an hour to get it working ground zeros app did work

The idea is super awesome but they have not updated the app to work with current Android 7 phones. There are MGS fans playing this game please update the app on all platforms to support this.

Read title, no excuse as the pc version came out the same day as the console versions.

Doesnt work keeps crashing after entering the pin from my ps4

No funciona con MGS V definitive edition, muy Mal.

No PC support yet....😞

When I tap to start it loads the mgs5 website is this a problem because I have a s6 or is it happening to over people to

This does not work with the definitive edition of the game.

Im dissapointed i was going to use this app but they have no pc support so i couldnt use it :(

After logging in it didn't do anything just a blank screen. I want to be able to do dispatch missions from the app.

Doesn't work.  How many negative reviews do you need to do your job and fix this garbage?

Best companion app I got and it's so help full also could you add the full idroid experience please

How can you forget the Xbox 360

This is absolute garbage, why would you make a MOBILE app. That has to connect to wifi

There is no PC support for this app. Kind of a shame that it wasnt made to be better in terms of functionality either.

Doesnt work on Samsung S7, tab. The interface messed and wont connect to ps4

Like the title says, there is no support for the PC version on the game. This only works with the console versions.

This is an interesting concept. I'd love to be able to try it, but it can't be connected with a Steam account and I'm not buying the game for a console just to use the app.

didn't work thats time ill never get back

This apps doesn't link with the PC version of metal gear solid v.  Super disappointed.

I was so disappointed ;  Only for consoles....... Please add sync for us "pc master race" .

Its glitchy and doesnt even give me an option to connect to my pc mgsv

Was looking forward to having this until I opened the app and bam no pc support please update until then it's a 1 star it would be 0 if I could

Can't even get it to work..Ad blocks the whole screen..can't get to the agreement page like in ground zeroes app..

Everything else works fine but i only have music cassette 1 in the app nit sure whybit isn't syncing.. Anyone reading these anymore?

App doesn't work. Crashes when connecting to my ps4.  Stuck in an endless sign in, connect, crash loop.

After all the game delays this still does not function with the pc edition of the game.

Why would you neglect the biggest owner base for your game?

Totally unusable since I can't get through the C-80F80901 error.

I don't even get a main menu, just open's tl another site telling me to buy Mgsv.

Does this app even work anymore? I try to connect to my hand and it constantly loops signing me in, then going back to the main screen. What gives?

Why would you make the consoles available but not the pc?

Its lame i think it could be great if you could put its steam/pc compatible

It's a shame we can't manage our mother base through this app.

Keep saying no data error code 5503 can you fix it please

Add support for PC Steam or take it off why are being treated so bad ? We love this game

That's all there is to say.

I really like this app but it keeps telling me "different account" after about a minute of working. IT'S MY ACCOUNT! how is it different? How can I make this work?

Very useful. Great to glance at when you don't have time to look at your idroid.

I'm able to get it running most of the time but some get logged out and can't sign back in and it would be nice to have the mother base feature back in it like what was in the ground zeroes app

App just crashes when you try to use it.

Useless, unresponsive, unreliable. With all the MB management involved in TPP, this app does none of it.

Error 5503 despite game on PS4 being properly connected and its already 2 years since releasing

Keep getting the errors C-80f80901 i am using a Sony expria xa1

Companion app was more of a waste of time than a time saver, couldn't even connect with my PS4 without it closing down on me

I've logged in seven times now yet it refuses to acknowledge I am currently on the PS4, or even that I have one. If it was fixed I may raise my rating to a two, and if I like the app I will decide on final rating.

App OK but keeps kicking me out after I sign in.

Nice job not adding the most used platform in gaming history.

doesnt work for xbox one? get error code everytime. please fix!!

Its not loading the screen after i select the idroid option i thinks its the account log in screen not sure? Please help as i love the game and would find this app very usefull.

I use to us it before but now it just comes up with an error

Can you plz make it compatible with xbox360

True junk, total waste of time

Something like 'no English language support'. Just stupid!

I get this error message c-80f80901 when it tries to connect to PS4.

Error code 5503. Don't know what it means but whatever it needs fixed.

App doesn't work. all I get when signing in is Error and loops

Downloaded map. Crashes every time I try to connect to the PS4. totally useless.

It doesn't work on my Galaxy S7 Edge, error 80F8090.

Worst companion app. Getting error C-80F80901 all the time

You can connect to ps3,ps4 and Xbox One but not 360. I can't download map either keeps freezing at 57%

Could be cool but doesn't work with the new version

Complete Garbage. Won't connect and immediately crashes upon connect attempt with the PS4.

Starts up fine, but can not pair device with PS4. Constantly crashes each time I try.

App crashes every time I go to connect to my PS4.

Love it other than the cassettes I collect are not showing up in the app, will still use but will keep at 3 stars until it's fixed.

I would like to give this 5 stars but I can't connect. it keeps giving me an error code C-08.... I'll fill the rest in a moment

Why discriminate against pc.

It doesnt work on galaxy s5

Doesn't work after logging in to psn.  Constant mgs tpp crashes. Deleted.

I see the button to do so, but its not functioning at all.

It works well enough, there are a couple of bugs that have never been resolved, but they will likely never be patched.

Its a waste of time just keeps saying "has stop responding"

Cannot sign in to Xbox one, cannot sync with idroid(and I have an Android HTC m9), what is this doing on the market???!!

Utterly ridiculous, crashes every time you try to connect

200+ hours logged but no way for Pc users to use the app. Xbox360 also doesnt have support. Add this and Im sure this app will be a must-have

Keeps crashing when attempting to connect to ps4, it used to a decent app when it worked though...shame

This doesnt support the PC edition

What do you bastards have against the Xbox 360

I have this game for the Xbox 360 and PC but it's for XBOX ONE PS4 AND PS3. add in Xbox 360 PC etc. And I'll rate 5 stars😀

It needs PC support. Downloaded the map, got ready to connect it, and the only playforms connectable are PS3, PS4, and Xbox One.

There is a lack of PC support This is unfortunate because many fans who do play on this platform are not able to use this immersive feature

It's just crashes when I try to register, poc!

I'm just getting a white screen after startup.

If only can manage my only missions from here will be perfect

Crash as soon as I connect to my PS4. Waste of bandwidth.

Doesn't work on Samsung s7 edge, please update

I'll was trying to connect with the game and doesn't work. 😡

Disappointed to see that PC version was not supported.

not usable with pc.

This is the message i get when i connect error c-80f80901

Doesn't work, app crashes when trying to connect, Everytime!

Good idea, would have been great if there was any pc support but no, made absolutely useless because.

MSG 5 PP Collected all excellent features of great adventures.  It is even a new era of vedio games entertainment.

It crashes as soon as I try to register the app.

Evrething is white i cant see nothing else but restart and  quit i,m going to delete

Does not work I tried over and over again.

What the heck, how do I use the I droid its just a website, no option to connect or login.

App crashes when connecting to PS4 Galaxy S8+

So does this not work anymore? Is it a dead app?

Doesn't work for PC.

It helps me so that I don't have to look at the map and just be out in the open.now I can do both at the same time.thank you😆

It doesn't work I have tried everything please help ......

Great help. Shows where everyone is and helps you in several ways. I wouldn't play the game without this app. It's great!

Hard to click any command button. Sigh.

Please fix this app. I know y'all probably won't but it keeps crashing after you sign in to your psn account. 😞

not compatible with the definitive edition!!! :(

you have it to where you can select xbox one, playstation 3 and playstation 4. Where is xbox 360?? i have it on 360 and i would really love it if you added the option for 360.

The app isnt compatible with the definitive experience version fix it

There's no way but could be that difficult to implement PC support. The game is hugely popular on the system anyway.

Could you guys make an update to these two apps for the Definitive Edition of MGSV?

Agree with other reviews, wont sync on ps4 with Note 8, seems like app won't work with Android 7 or higher.

No pc support. Now im sad :(

App kept crashing when trying to connect to ps4

Your stuck in the menu worst game EVER

Removed one of the only things I likes, being able to play casette tapes (in game) from app

I like the idea and it works don't get me wrong but could use care package drops available.

I have a ps4 and the map won't it just tells me to login over and over

SUCH A WASTE GAME THIS  IS

Didn't connect to the definitive experience

Is there any way to keep the app running while the screen is in standby? Other than that the app runs fine.

Unfortunately this app doesn't work with the definitive edition. Was really hoping it would.

It dont work on the newest update to metal gear solid V it just says no data

No PC support. No fun

Doesn't support PC. Doesn't support devices with Intel x86 cpu.

Always crashes before it even connects.

Doesn't work tried on multiple devices

this doesn't work with pc version

So what's the essence? If I have to connect to ps3 xbox and Co. The play mgs on my android!

There is no support for PC veery disappointing.

Every time i sign in it crashes there for it cannot be used and will konami update any time soon ???????????????? NO.

Stupid app doesn't even work

I love how it helps me navigate were in need to go and what routes are safe and which one's aren't.

There's no PC support, so I'm left out of both apps for my favorite franchise.

App  does not work. Junk

I was really exited but the app doesnt support Xbox 360.Plz give us an update to fix this

It has an option for PS3 but not 360? Lol and Xone? Come on

No 360 support... Please add

Fix it.for galaxy s8 damn it

App crashes after selecting ps4... thanks for nothing

application keep crashing upon login

Uninstalled Refuses to let me sign in

Isnt even usable on pc

Does not work error 5503

Can't get past main menu, debrief ad appears that's it

Does not work with my ps4

Fail.. No Computer Compatibility

Fantastic concept executed in the right way, all I had to do was sign into my PlayStation app and I was set

It brokea keep , crashing.

Doesn't work with Steam/PC

Works great but it has been pretty useless so far.

No pc compatibility, neato

This app only has the options ps3, ps4, and Xbox One, not 360, WHICH BY THE WAY, PLAYS MGS5.

App does not work as all... 😞

App crashing consistently, not usable.

Dont use it.

Runs fine on my Intel z3736f powdered device. I don't see what the issue is.

I went to download and it wasn't available for Xbox 360 version

Does not work on Nougat.

Also integrate the online combat deployment.

Does not work with the definitive edition. I would have to buy an older version of the game to use this app.

only for consoles...

Thanks, Konami

I'm so happy when i found this apps in the playstore, then I assumed the MGSV game can be remote in my

Still can't connect after a few months of not using this app

Be awesome to have staff management too

Crashes when pairing to the PS4. Unusable.

Crashes on connect to PS4.  Unusable.

App no longer works, keeps force restarting and won't connect to the ps4

Plz fix this  by making it 360 compatable

Need to add PC support

l play mgs5 on pc please update that so I can fine use this app.

this app will not connect anymore.

One question... Are you mad??

Does not work!

I would've liked to have this, but there was no xbox 360 option. really disappointing.

You sir suck

Kept force stopping garbage

Bloody useless never syncs

Can I run Matel Gear solid 5 Ground zeroes

This app proves that Konami has never even heard of PCs.

Why is there no support for the 360?!

I couldn't even connect to my game because the app keeps crashing please fix

It doesn't work

Works perfectly  on my galaxy s6

Could you possibly make it avaliable  for Xbox 360? Thanks!

This app is great I enjoy having a map open at all times. This is very helpful

Doesn't work anymore

Fix it I'll change my review

Are there anymore features besides using supply

Doesn't work on PS4 Pro when running the "The Definitive Experience", poor app.

This takes up data thats some bull

Its great becuse you can see where the enemy is.

Unavailable for pc version?

I download it I was thinking it was for pc

I think it's good in concept but I have a xbox 360 which your app doesn't have

Add PC support ASAP !

Until konami provides it, this app deserves a zero star.

Whatever Konami. Title says it all.

Please add pc

Keeps on going to the sign in will not connect

Please update app so it works again

No glorius pc master race platform

A very useful app, It works as a form of a planner too for a mission.

Wish I could connect this to my 360.

Fix the app! Ffs can't even connect

why is there not a Xbox 360 to connect to? will improve to full if that is done.

Doesn't have login page for PS4 platform.

Suck

Doesn't support PC players, console only 👎

Update support for Xbox 360

It won't connect to the PlayStation 4

There is no Xbox 360 compatibilities

I couldn't even connect to my PS4.

Why there is no for pc version?

Didn't have support for PC version

Closes after adding device to ps4.

It just takes me to the MGS website.....nothing else....pls fix this

Doesn't work. Log in just brings me back to main screen.

I can't connect to my ps4

I love this series

It dont work with the definitive edition

It dosent support the PC version:(

Along with the game both are great

There should be Windows7/10 or PC option

Doesn't work.

It doesn't work with the definitive edition!!

It would be much appreciated!

Pc version isn't available at this app

Doesn't support the PC version

Can't be played on Xbox 360

Still no PC version? Get out.

Xbox gamers: Get gud, get pc.

It's okay but I wish there were more features.

Needs xbox 360 support

Doesnt support steam

Doesn't support the PC version.

It cant connect to the computer

MGS3 remake please!

بهترین بازیه دنیاست

STILL no pc support

No option for Xbox 360.

A Hideo Kojima Game

No PC support!

Why isn't there Xbox 360 support???

No pc support!!

Infinite crash hell

Add support for pc

Useless for pc users

Not worth downloading

App keeps crashing

I love Master bating whilst eating poo

No PC support?! Yeah, no thanks.

Bring this to xbox 360 &gt;_&lt;

What a complete wast of my time....... even i could batch up something even better then this........

Not a single problem and hooks up with my PS4 ^_^

no pc support

Not support PC!!!!!

Na don't think about it

No PC support.

Doesn't connect to PC.

Keeps crashing.

Doesn't work

Ps4 and Nexus 6, works flawlessly. Would recommend.

Doesn't work

No pc support.

It doesnt work with the definitive edition please update

Didn't work

No PC support. Boo.

Pretty cool, my own personal idroid. Works, with ps3

Will not load keep pulling a error message when logging in

The app would be better if it worked for the Xbox 360

Probably the best companion app for a game that I've used.

No pc support

Does not open

No PC support

Where is pc support

DON'T work

Where is the pc support

I love this game probably the best stealth game i ever played but, wheres the pc compatible???

PC Support When

No PC option

No PC support

No PC Support

no pc support

No PC support

No PC Support

Will not connect

its not working

Thank the lord it works

Not connect with PS4

No PC support :(

No pc option...

App wouldn't connect to PS4 crashed the second i tried to

Please put xbox 360 and will rate better

Doesnt work. No data error 5503

Socool!!!!!! 😎

It's good it's fun and and it's best stealth game of all time

Used to work, now it won't even load.

Pc platform :(

Not a game.

Shows nothing but a white screen with an x

No xbox360 mode so im screwed

Need PC support....

Doesn't connect to ps4, stuck in loop

New version works great 👍

Dfgfg

Its a very helpful app.

I wish it was compatible for the Xbox 360

Pretty garbage

Not working

Not for pc

No pc

عععععااالللییییهههه

wow an error

Bad g

Keeps crashing

Can't get past the errors

Crashes on load

Steam ?

Pc where?

Just what I needed

Where is the Xbox 360 compatibility

Works great on xbox one

Good The game yes

it's a scam

Amazing very cool suck it

It's a good app

feel game

Good app

Y para Xbox 360?????

خوب

Boooooooooooooooooooooooooo

No PC/steam :-((((((((

عالی

Meh

Like

Duck

works great

It the best

That was awesome

Hated it

Broken

Mmmmmmmm.

Lovely

Love it

Cool

Excellent

I just can't use this app, I have tried everything (including putting my router in bridge mode and that disables wi-fi) I have an LG G3 and XBOX One and no matter that it always gives me the 4002 error. I will also say how the ground zeroes app works perfectly fine for me.

The ground zero app was good so why have they decided to scrap motherbase control it would be awsome to be able to check the progress and do upgrades whilst doing day to day things and be able to send troops out to keep earning gmp let's hope they sort it

Asus memo pad running lollipop and an Intel processor and the app will not run, sometimes just get a white screen after the konami logo or get to the download screen click either option then the app crashes out. This app does work on my HTC m9 though.

Still won't work on Android 4.2. One month since the last update and I'm still waiting for this to work. Hurry up, I know things take time but if you can make MGS TPP, making this app work should be child's play.

So bummed out that there's no PC support. The MGS V game itself is fantastic, and I'm a long time MGS fan, a companion app for one of the series top installments was exciting. But, alas, PC not supported...sigh...

The ground zeroes app was perfect but too much has changed with this one. The menu buttons are weird unidentifiable symbols so you don't know what you're pressing and they are too small and close together. This app is a hindrance. Just make it like the ground zeroes app konami!

This sucks. The mgs gz works perfect especially on a bigger screen. But the mgsv tpp does not work on my tablet. What the hell. Can u fix this or like any other maker. They never reply back...

Konami is a joke. Not only does the app have severely minimal functionality, it is not compatible with the steam version of the game. I can't wait until Konami gets shut down due to screwing their customers with microtransactions and dismissing their best asset.

I want to play this game without having to spend 400.00 on a brand new game system. fix this problem A.S.A.P.! Don't forget most people have no access to gaming systems and rely on non protected wifi signals.

The app runs fine. The app was made for console links not pc links. It does what it does well. It crashes a few times but not enough to be annoying just noticeable. This app does not say "mini idroid" it say "companion app" so some features will not be in this. Deal with it.

I keep getting a white screen, with 3 icons at top, none of which seem to do much of anything. I also am asked to sign in on my tablet each time i used the app, though nothing changes there either. Whats the deal with this? Why is it broken or unusable

Konami decided to konami itself by konami'ng it's only component developer into konami irrelevance. Good luck in the next ten years, konami executives. You're konami'ng idiots. Your short term gains will kill your brand.

It won't work on my PS4 (iPhone 6 plus). I receive one of two error codes "no data" or "Error 5503". Other apps work with my PS4 so it shouldn't be a router issue. Pretty bummed. Hope they update the app or send out some acknowledgement of the issues.

This app will not work on my Droid Razr HD.  I have installed it and downloaded the map and when it goes to sign into the PSN, the webpage crashes and the app crashes!!!   Please help, would love to use this with TPP

Sony Xperia Z3 and... Well won't do anything. Launches fine, try to select quality of map to download and it gives me some error every time. I'll give a real rating once it works...

Fix pls. Its not my network, ps3, etc. I have the other app working for GZ, but this one keeps popping up the same error over and over.

Would be nice if you could access your staff and other items to see what you have and what needs done without having to connect to the ps4. Couldn't the data be stored somewhere online so it's accessible?

Why must you be so Konami? Go Konami yourself, or get up off your lazy Konami and fix this piece of Konami. We've all been Konami'd big time. If not for Hideo Kojima there would be no Metal Gear, this must not be a Hideo Kojima app!

So I understand that there wasn't PC support for Ground Zeroes. However, why isn't there any support for TPP. I waited a long time for an update for the GZ app, and now TPP is out they didn't even consider PC. I certainly hope there's an update soon, because now its useless to people with PC's

My tablet brings up a white empty screen. There are icons at the top that do nothing. Sometimes ill get a liscence agreement, which leads to main screen but i cant download maps or connect to ps4. Constant screen freezes.

It's basically the pip boy app for fo4, even though this did come out before it. It is very lacking in content as you can only use the map and half the mix tape. The mix tapes are limited to mission briefings and music 1. No music 2 or misc mix tapes.

It just launched, give it time. Stop complaining. PC elitlest need to simmer down. It was never a "PC" franchise, stop acting like most of you didnt download the game illegally anyway. if you did buy it for PC, then you still account for around 5% of profits.

Can't even download the map and satellite bit on this app. I would love 4 this 2 work. How long is it going to take b4 it starts to work? How long do i have 2 wait b4 this gets sorted

You lost a customer after all the metal gear fiasco. I love metal gear but you f'd Hideo over. This app is a POS. No PC support shows you only care about taking people's money and having no accountability.

If this is true,  that's terrible.  Why they chose certain features like this companion app and the loading of your list of items that can be developed is beyond me.  More importantly,  they need to fire whoever translated this to English.  It doesn't even make sense in what it tries to tell you.

Error code 4002.                                      Hideo Kojima should stay with Konami. They should give him what he needs to stay and forget whatever qualms they have.

Pc users shouldn't be ignored. We use apps too guys. Update the app to include pc and it will be worth a download again. Until that day, it is useless.

What's the point of a real life "iDroid" if I have to keep tapping the screen to keep my phone from sleeping. Very annoying. Other than that it's pretty awesome app.

I installed the app,  downloaded all the  maps that it wanted me to download...  Only then did I become aware that there is no PC support!  This is a major oversight Konami.

How is there no usability for steam users? Even Ubisoft made a companion app that worked for their pc games, specifically watchdogs and assassins creed unity/black flag. UBISOFT. Konami, you disappoint me. Please add pc support, the Sat nav system seems really interesting and I'd want to use it.

Wanted to hear the tapes, but i need to be connected. It should sync once and unlock the tapes i have, to be played without internet. Dont care if the app is heavier for having all tapes, but i would like it more because like that i wouldnt need to be online.

There's no pc option. Appearantly pc gamers suck and dont deserve to have access to this app... sad. Make it so Steam users can connect to this app.  We paid just as much for the game and in some cases more.

It works alright but in the end theres not much point in using it as you can only view the map on it. If this app would let you access all the idroids features then it would truly be useful but as of now its just okay.

I can't believe you dare to launch a product with an app as bad as this. I sometimes see JSON output! You should be very ashamed.

This app does nothing to expand the MGSV expiriance. It's more or less a tape player and a map.  But what really would make sense is, for example, fully control and managing capabilities for the Mother Base. but no... there is nothing.

For one simple reason. Your servers are mostly down. Now this would be understandable if internet access was actually required... but the app requires the phone and console to be on the same network... so why won't you let me use it if I can't connect to the internet but my local network is working?

Unnecessarily forced into landscape mode. Would prefer portrait when it calls for it. Also, can't listen to cassette tapes with the screen off. And the back button didn't work at all.

(PS3) Map appeared great on my phone, but idroid command menu on left of map is too tiny (so small it's without words)! Can't predict what command bar my finger will touched, therefore rendered the menu useless, and it serves just as map..

The Ground Zeroes app was great: clean, distinct, and easily recognizable buttons. This app has a horribly confusing interface. The buttons all look alike from a quick glance. I can't even connect to the tape player without exiting.

I got this app because they told me it would make me a burger, cook my coffee, and pay my bills. Please fix this app it's so bad it killed me pets, and drowned my gold fish!

Loving the Phantom Pain and I was thrilled to find this app in hopes that I'd be able to run my Mother Base while out of game just to find out it's compatible with every platform besides PC. What the hell, Konami! Why you do this?

I would give this app a better rating if it didn't overheat my phone at times, Other then that the app could use more function's that allowed you more access to the game.

I get to putting in my username and password for Xbox live, and it gives me error 4002. Says file or site not found. Game is online, Xbox is too, phone is on my local WiFi, as is the Xbox. Same router. Still can't connect. Some support would be nice.

If i could launch combat deployment missions from this app. As well as manage Motherbase, like transferring staff to areas of deployment. Seeung when you get attacked and the stolen items

great idea, but doesnt allow me to sign in on android 5.0. The app stops working when i sign into psn, keeping me in a never ending loop of signing in and "this app has stopped working". disappointing. do better next time please

Whenever I open it, it says the app isn't responding and closes itself. This app looks super helpful, but I can't use it!!! I have a nextbook 8 and Android version 4.1.2. I know it isn't a very known brand but I hope that this problem can be fixed

When I sign in to the PSN on the page it's directed to, it doesn't find my playstation 4. I've tried numerous attempts and cleared login data and all sorts. Tried it with the same and with different WiFi connections too.

That being said this disconnection stuff is ridiculous.. Every two minutes of using the app I get error code: 0295 "account is different" and get thrown back to the title screen.. You guys are a AAA title gaming company and can't seem to make a working app? Come on..

What legit reason is there for not supporting PC? I can't think of any. Game was amazing but having my map and tapes here would've been great.

Unlike the ground zeroes companion app this app refuses to work at all. I'm using an ASUS memo pad 8. I could only attempt to download map data and not actually download it. Not sure why this app won't work as the other app works flawlessly

I was intrigued by this,  a great idea to extend the game experience. But... Only console users. Why?

Love the thought, left me hanging with poor connectivity and no Mother Base options.  My 1 mark against you Konami, give us the iDroid app we deserve. Please. The power of Hideo compels you.

That's all it says after freezing up four or five times no map no cassettes nothing.... but hey at least it takes up around a gig now there is space I don't need to worry about how to fill with something useful

If only I could give this a 0. It still doesn't work AT ALL. I'm a Xbox One user and the app just keeps restarting itself every time I try and connect. It's as less useful then a chocolate teapot!

When I sign in to my psn, the app crashes. Every time. Not once has a worked for me. I'll give a better rating once this is fixed.

Cassettes will only play while the screen is on. English instructions are terrible, nothing makes any sense. Only really seems to give map function when it connects. Why isn't there an ability to manage mother base and all of its mobile like game stuff?

Konami,  do yall even look at the user reviews? ? We're trying to get the FULL experience of MGSV but yall not even fixing the app to work.. poor poor job

The translation to English is terrible.  Konami needs to put up some money to deliver a companion app that is actually useful.  Why can't I send my combat teams out on missions while away from home?

Worked fine on my ps3 version. I was able to see the map in real time and was also able to listen to the tapes. Now it will not link any of my new music tracks. Please fix.

PLZ add that you can call in mortar strikes and call in strafe run with you helicopter. You could have a friend playing while you call in mortar strikes for them or something. I love this game and this app!!

Dual connection support. Gimmie. Plz. &lt;3 thx. Right now it just makes idroid noise from the game. which is cool. I like that part. It made smiles. But it wont conect to game cus console not on the wifiiiii... So sad rn. Plz. Plz fix. I beg. I beg you. This is begging happening.plzplz.

I really love the idea of the app, but it just doesn't work, I try to sync up and it freezes every time I have to log in on my psn account, and I have wifi and a PS4, please fix it. It would be nice to use it someday

I have the xbox360 version. Why isn't  that supported. I hate Konami. Plus the app constantly crashes. Im better off with the poster that came with the game for an out game map

Such a good game but the app will not connect with my Galaxy S5 updated lollipop never rooted. Same sign in error as already described (many times) in these reviews

Opened up the app everything looked fine then as soon as I get to the idroid it stops and doesn't do anything can't even back out you guys fail at mobile development.

Why does the icons seems so hard to identify? I really wanted to use a companion app because of the Ground Zeroes. I can't even manage my staff members. I wish that you'd make a revamp of this app.

Can't seem to rid myself of the Error 553 everytime I try and download my map. I'm uninstalling until problems are resolved.

Sign in to PS for first use and app closes. Can't do any cause you can't connect it. I'd actually like to see some ones that works proper.

The reason why the mother base features are not working is because of the server fixes that are happening with the game.  I know they will fix it.

I love 2nd screen apps it allows a normally single player game to become 2 player. Unfortunately no matter what I do I can not connect with my ps4. It keeps telling me that I am not signed in on the ps4 yet I am playing the game online. Not happy with this at all.

The app wont launch. I'll give it more stars when it works! (Hope konami didnt fire the people to fix this or have them cleaning toliets)

Doesn't work with PC version.  Game looks so good at 4K with all settings high why would I play on a console.

I loved the ground zeroes app. Hope I can get this one working soon. Keep getting package file not signed correctly error. Edit: the update fixed it. Works great now.

The app doesn't allows me to command the mother base members and it's connect with ps4 only in the same network, so it's not that helpful

The Group Zeroes version works perfect... And this one does not work at all.  There should be no excuses.  At least if people could log on.. But most can't!

I downloaded the full size map  (700mb) and the resolution was quite low. The biggest problem was that it overheated my phone. Other than that it was pretty good.

Major letdown. make this compatible with xbox 360, ive cancelled my order of the game because of this. Thanks alot

This app looks really cool, but there is no support for the Xbox 360. The Phantom Pain is a true masterpiece in my opinion, and I feel that customers expect and deserve app support on ALL platforms! Yes, we are irritated, but late us better than never Konami...

As above.. I love the concept hate the fact it has not worked once yet, saying that im glad their concentrating on the game as the app is a side issue as far as experience goes. Love you konami but you f'd up :( (on the app)

Great app. I mainly use for navigating through sandstorms, especially with level 1 nvg. More games need companion apps like this. Also, bring Metal Gear 1+2 to mobile devices!!

Barely works.  Can't downloads maps.  There's always 50% Loading on the screen.  Can't sync with anything.  What the heck are you doing Konami.

This app is perfect for using as my second screen map. I really dont hate opening iDroid in the game but just by simply looking in my phone to see where are the enemies... pure nirvana. Also the fact that i can use the app to call in a Chopper pickup and request an ammo drop... GENIUS!!

What exactly is this app supposed to do? All I get is a white screen with the occasional sound effect. Poor!

"Page not found" error code is displayed while trying to sign in through Xbox One. Please Fix. This is a Hideo Kojima game

So this is useless if you have a PC,  and would be just as useful for us as well as consoles. Please please update so us PC gamers can use it as well. You've done such a good job with the game on PC,  don't have it let down by an app

It looks great, but the app is only compatible with consoles... And it only tells you this after you have to download an additional file. Once again PC is the least important for developers.

The app would be awesome if it worked. But with the servers for the game still (7 days after release) not working the app won't work. So, until these issues are fixed don't even bother downloading this piece.

Can't log in to playstation network, hits some oauth error? Unusable!

It's a map, no real info on missions, no ability to control any idroid features apart from the map. Kind of pointless.

Would be nice if you could manage mother base from within the app, send dispatch missions and etc like with the ground zeroes app. Also would be nice to get FOB invasions notifications.

I downloaded the map and when it prompts me to login to PSNetwork, the app crashes. I haven't been able to use it not even once.

Only the map works. If you want to work on Mother Base or listen to your cassette tapes on the go, you can't.

One star for fact it just doesn't work. I sign in to my PSN then the app just stops running, I've tried multiple times.

The option to manage mother Base and deploy soldiers would have made this unmissable as it is it is just a novelty. Such a shame.

Crash 9 out of 10 times. When it does launch it goes to PSN by default (even if I select Xbox One). Can't connect to my console, can't download maps... Uninstalled.  Won't be wasting anymore time on this useless POS.

Downloaded the app. app doesn't support the 360. If I remember correctly the Ground Zeros app did support the 360. I would think that if they released this app for the PS3 then they would do it for the 360 as well.

I like the idea and hope it gets patched but so far haven't been able to use it.

Just because the poor people can't afford proper CPU's to game on doesn't mean they deserve special treatment. A PC update would be greatly appreciated.

"Unfortunately, MGS V: THE PHANTOM PAIN has stopped working" every single time I try to log into my PS4 account, this message pops up. literally unusable. Although there may be server issues with MGSV as my game fails to log in to the server so let's just hope that's what the issue is..

Paid as much, but don't get the same functionality. Poor effort konami

Cool app and all. SADLY there is no support for the Xbox 360 or PC. A crying shame considering how well the game is selling on Steam. Konami make a compatibility patch  for the PC. ASAP!

Like it would have all the options as the in game idroid does. Such as mother base options. Mission options . Only has the map option and thats it, and why the hell does this not work on ipad 2 when the gz one did. Poor effort.

Lack of support of PC makes app useless. The PC release is of such quality that's it's genuinely surprising that they completely ignored the platform here.

Was expecting the GZ features to be built upon, hoping with some updates I will get more control over the game through this screen

PC  players also need this. I'm calling discrimination, check your privilege!

Its a cool idea but using the mapping is pointless when you can have it on your TV. The only benefit, I guess, would be listening to the cassettes while not playing. I was hoping it would let me dispatch combat missions amd such while I was away from home. The online missions at least.

I have tried absolutely everything and this app just does not work. Very disappointing.

Neat app...but it doesn't work. Fails every single time on Tab 3 connecting to a PS4. Error Code: 0296  Please fix!

Will network connect even allow the use of the weird control panel on the left. However will not display any data or act as if it is actually connect. Please fix. #microsofthelp

Very helpful for the single player on those lazy days I don't want to keep hitting the touch pad haha but does anyone kno or has tried using this app for MGO?

1st off it works for ps3 ps4 and Xbox 1 smart guys.    2nd its awesome! Everything happens almost instantly between real time game and app activity. 3rd it works. Stop crying until u actually know how to use something kids smh

Can't help but laugh at all of the PC users leaving 1-star reviews simply because it's not supported for PC. It says so right in the description. Grow up, morons.

I'd like to try It out, but after doing everything it says I need to, I can't get It to work. It just keeps telling me: "File or page not found", "Error 4002".

Overall is decent.  What could help more is not needing to log into the PS Network... every... time...  That is probably the most annoying thing.

Successful logged into PSN evertime I try, but I get a message saying no PS4 found. I only have a PS4 and created a PSN account on my PS4, so I dont understand  the issue as it logs me on ok but the issue may be with the app.

2 stars for an app that would work great if it bloody was supported on pc... please just let there be pc support. Fallout 4 will have it will you?

to work. After succesful sign in to psn(which is every single time i launch the app) it just crashed. And i cant exit app properly. Do fix...

I mean u can try it it may crashes 1 time a week but it's still useful it only crashed 1 time for me

Constantly crashes. When it works, it's nice having the map but just trying to get it to connect to my PS4 after changing my PSN password was, like pulling teeth.

I like the fact of playing using the app as a real time map. But could be much more useful if I could dispatch soldiers for online missions, develop stuff, and things like that. Having it would give me a better experience playing MGS5TPP even when I'm away from the console

Nothing much to say other than that. It simply does not connect or interact with the game after signing in to the service. Surprising, since the ground zeros app works flawlessly.

Btw for people rating the app bad because they didn't please stop. It's an add on not a necessity, also they said it'll only be on ps4, ps3, and Xbox 1.

Cassette tapes take absolutely ages to load and I miss the mother base simulator. The Ground Zeroes app was a lot better.

How useless..  I paid full price for this game and the companion app doesn't even work..  I regret buying every MGS since the beginning,  just for this big finger to the PC community

First my Xbox 360 version won't let me transfer my data to phantom pain, and now I can't even use the phantom pain companion app? Why? Please fix this, and app for a game on different consoles should include comparability with them all plus PC.

I suggest allowing us to login inside the app (with the integrated browser where you can read the how to and the online agreement) cause whenever the game wants me to login with a web browser the app suddenly crashes, I really hope you fix this as soon as possible.

Need ps4 on and linked to work.. zzzzzzzz boring  .. much rather not have to link with a ps4 to work. EPIC FAIL!

It's surprising how heavy the game is on mechanics yet the app doesn't do anything creative.   I already have a in game map and music.  At least let me manage development projects or staff OR  Build FOB'S.  Very disappointed.

I'm online and for some reason the app will not connect. I had an amazing experience earlier but I'm having issues now. Error 4002.

I download the maps, then the app goes to log into psn. Then freezes and that is it. Mgs:gz worked fine

idk why people are complaining. this whole series started as a PlayStation only title. why would they make support for the pc. it was a console game before anything.

Reading the description helps....it's good for my ps4 added to the gameplay so I didn't have to pull up I droid in the middle of the game and risk getting caught ect

Doesn't even work properly. Map doesn't show up. Then it crashes. You have brought great shame to your family.

It downloaded and started fine, but only allows support for ps3, ps4, and XboxOne. Kinda let down 😢 please add PC support!!!

I had the app for GZ and it worked fine. This app crashes, no support for ipad2 which is stupid. Extremely disappointed with this. GET IT FIXED!

So I see I'm not the only one with this issue. Other second screen apps work just fine. Please help

Came looking for a companion app that I could use with my PC version. Expected better from the makers of one of my favorite video game series.

It's pretty useless. The only way this being could be useful, is if you were able to deploy soldiers while not actually playing. Also, the navigation buttons are non existent to anyone who's not randomly pressing on the side of the map.

Right now on steam they're a 103,358 people playing MGSV: TPP I think we deserve PC support with this app. Either make it for all, or nobody at all! Will change review when supported.

Who's this konami fellow? I thought the maker of the game was Hideo Kojima? Hmm. Maybe there was a slip up on the case of my game but I'm very certain this konami did not create Mgs. So I wonder where Hideo Kojima went too?  (We all love you Hideo Kojima!!!!!!!)

The app force closes every time I try and sign in to PSN. If the app worked, it would also be nice to have a mother base mode.

Only problem I have is it keeps on disconnecting. There is lag as expected but it's okay to work with.

No issues here, excpet the occasional connection error, but then I just restart the app. Don't use it for anything more then the map

Basically a map, far too small on a phone! Was hoping I could launch combat operations from the motherbase whilst not playing the game and earn some money for next time I logged in on ps4! Far cry 4 had Arena Konami!

It's very handy to show enemy positions marked on the map, requesting helicopter support or moving Quiet to sniping positions, it's very cool but I wanted to use it offline to plan ahead and coordinate sneaking routes but nevertheless, 5/5!

Got this and connected it to my ps4. Worked great and loved it. That was a few weeks ago. Today? No longer connects. Crashes. Fix it and ill rate higher.

However,  I may sound lame saying that I do not have a Xbox ONE. I have the 360.. so.. how is it the makers of the app for such an amazing game with history behind it not suitable for the 360. Can you all try to make this available for 360 players. Not everyone does have a ONE.

Add pc support and you'll get 5 stars. Until then, this app is garbage.

Useless. Would give 0 stars if possible.

Would have been an app I actually use if you could remotely send troops on dispatch missions and be able to sort out mother Base like you could with ground zeros but have it linked to your mother Base in game, only reason I have two stared and not 1 star is because it works.

This app is horrible the first app was flawless for ground zeroes this game has been in development for 3 years and the app is useless how does that work again is that a misunderstanding because I don't understand it.

Error code 4002. Update: working more consistently helps plot routes faster for cross map travel

I just installed this app opened it and it crashed fix this app and I will give 5 stars

So that problem is solved but we should be able to access the mother base and mission screens too not just the map

It's OK to have all sorts of product placement from Sony on the game, but come on... No 360 support? What's the grudge against Microsoft? Besides, the app barely establishes a connection with the game. You'd better off just using the iDroid anyway.

Was working great now I get an error message in broken English that is clearly a translation from Japanese and makes no sense. To much messing about for a little gimmick on the side

Konami refuses to support PC players on the assumption that we are all cheaters and pirates. This is the second time I've had to post this review as Konami deleted my review claiming I pirated a free app.

the app does not work on my Tesco Hudl 2 tablet which runs a Intel atom z3735d and android 4.2. When I try to install the map data the app freezes and won't work again unless I reinstall it or clear its data, but then problem just repeats.

Works for Xbox One, but upon successful login the app crashes. I tested xbox one and login worked fine.

Its a good idea, but has a few problems. First, it shows an error (9999) which apparently is low storage space but i have 21gb of storage space. And i cant even connect it to my ps4. Come on Konami!

Would love to try this but can't.   I'm on PC.  I blame Konami.

Ridiculous. All Companion apps should do this. Ridiculous its took this long. Same goes for the ground zeroes Companion App.

App doesn't let you manage mother base, frequently freezes and listening to tapes doesn't disable phone lock.

This app doesn't even support the PC version of this game. I don't understand why they would make a app that doesn't support all of their platforms, should be a given. Love the game, dislike this app.

This app seems to have been done half heartedly, I cannot do a number of things I that may be useful such as ask for a bombing run

Ground zero's was 360 compatible but the full version isnt??? C'mon Mr.kojima and team... but I would like to say I would love to see an x box 360 of metal gear that came out on the playstation I've been playing metal gear since it was on Nintendo

I have a Sony Xperia z3 and this app constantly asks me to sign in then the app crashes back to the Konami screen. The Sony Xperia is so uncompatable with this machine it hurts. But this app is not helping the situation! Does not work!!!!

I wish it had the ability to control and manage Mother Base from within the app. More functionality would be nice in general. And i wish the map and UI were clean and aesthetically pleasing like the gz app.

Love the game series the apps ok but lacks some good things that would be useful like being able to do all the idriod functions then itd be a 5⭐ app.

The "sat-nav" is a fun feature, but not having the ability to run combat missions or start developments on motherbase is a bit of a pain.

Crashes instantly on both my Android tablet and my iPhone. Disappointed because I'm loving MGS:V

Works great for an external map the configuration for controls are a little odd to figure out. Links up fine works good like to use it to listen to cassette tapes while not gaming. Leave game on and link up listen to them.

Will rate it better when i get to use the app! Usless to me at moment...

If you ALL stop bitching that it isn't working, why don't you all read the notice board first, it clearly says 'currently does not work with iOS9' etc. If you just wait till its sorted then try using it then you'll start to like it.

For a company that announced they are switching to mobile apps and games they really need to know how to make one that actually works.

Major fail ...You can make this work easy for pc just make it so we have to plug in our device to connect.... not happy about this

Why isn't it compatible for Xbox 360. What's the point of expanding it to other platforms if your not going to make it compatible to one...

Produce a game that works on ps3, ps4, Xbox one, and PC makes a app that only works on the consoles and not the PC good job developers. I didn't want your buggy app anyway. Still no pc support

I was expecting fair platform support. Disappointed.

People downvoting for lack of PC support is inane... so stupid. Don't fault the app for that... go gripe on Twitter to Konami. . .

Says there's no data to load between my g900a galaxy s5 & the phantom pain for my PS3.

Should've put Mother Base here. I could be developing weapons / tools and building the mother base through the app.. Now that would be worthy of 5 stars.

Dont know why there's ps3 support but no xbox360 support. So that's no good for me (and a lot of other 360 owners who bought this game) You know, this app wouldnt be necessary if one of the big console makers created a controller with - get this - a second screen built into it!

Ridiculous that it does not support the PC version when so many other apps do only downloaded it so I could have a rant about it not working with the PC version as it states that in the description

Now that app was something! This ish right here is nothing. I don't know why the such change. If it's not broken don't try to fix it

Useless app doesn't work

Works good but it would've been good to have an offline map mode as well. Or even if it would tell me my current mission objectives, that would be very handy.

I am a huge MGS fan. Since PS1 days. But sorry this app not only it doesn't work on oneplus one phone, but it doesn't add anything to the experience. It would be so much nice if u can just dispatch your soldiers and do things that take time and link it to your save game.

Not working with my asus.. but its fine with my tablet

Why every other console but 360. Ground Zero supported the 360 console, so I'm confused. An explanation would be nice.

I keep trying to use the map for my Xbox one and it just doesn't work. Please sort this out

I could live with ground zero not being PC compatible but not this one! Shame about that would have been fun 😢 But hey its the last mgs and after this I can only hope konami go bust and someone goes in and buys mgs!!! Maybe then PC players might get a app that's works for them aswell

It literally says in description compatible with ps3 ps4 and xbox one so stop hating that it is not compatible with xbox 360 and pc just look before you get something

Keep getting error 5503 no data. Worked perfectly on GZ. Using sony xperia tablet z

Get over it, the developer states this in the app information. Great app, does whats intended.  No lag or freezing.

Pretty disappointing that there's no support for the PC version of the game. Especially since the PC version is really well made. 😯

You forgot 360 and pc support. (Don't care for 360 but want my pc support). If dice can do it, don't see why you guys can't.

The 2nd screen map works, but it needs more stuff. Like managing combat deployments while not having the game on would be VERY nice.

Its broken worthless cant even update the map wont even show up all it does is send me back to the menu either you FIX THIS OR DONT EVEN BRING A COMPANION EVER!!! TIRED OF THIS USELESS APPS

But like so many other companion apps it closes immediately after signing on  it's a real bummer if it's fixed I'm sure it's a easy 5 stars and two weeks later that bug still hasn't been fixed

Error code 0296.  I have WIFI what's the problem???  Piece of garbage app.  Absolutely useless just like the Ground Zeroes app.  KONAMI SUCKS!!

The app doesn't work on my moto x so it's stock Android. It opens and when I try to connect with psn it force closes. Get it together! This game needs a mobile app

Connects you to the game in a meaningful and functional way ,like glancing down at it ,to reveal tagged enemies that you might not be aware of plus other cool stuff aswell

For a new app for a new game  me i am happy. Its something nice to play for CONSOLE because its a CONSOLE game and i am pretty sure with new updates they will upgrade the apps for managing the mother will out of the game

I mean honestly, ground zeroes had compatability for the 360 why not phantom pain?

Got the map to work once, when that did pop up it didn't update with my movements. No availability for idroid stuff like combat missions etc. Waste of time/space atm.

***Spoiler**** Please bring back Quiet in some form of Dlc or side mission she can't be dead how can she when she has no lungs to spread the parasites please!

"Yeah let's just not make the app usable to a huge percentage of our players, they'll be super happy after that"

Well what can i say. When pc is part of the platforms i will obviously change my rating. I paid same price for the game as console players and expect the same treatment.

It simply drain all my battery just as a vampire sucking blood out of a beautiful lady's neck. Except that, its a good app.

It's working fine but it eats battery like no other app I have used. I normally don't use maybe 10% battery in an hour with most other apps, this one uses 75% in an hour and a half and the phone is burning hot. This never happens with anything else!

I love companion apps, but this is just something to use as a spare active map.  I would love to be able to send my combat units out on missions from this app.

Links to account but just get not found errors, audio tapes also unavailable

Complete garbage.  Why create something that fails to work?  It's been almost 5 months since launch. Get it together Konami... actually, just go bankrupt and fade into obscurity.  Now that you freed Kojima and doomed yourself I really want to see your company crash and burn.

I think this app is a great idea and would rate 5 stars if every other time I used it it didn't crash please fix would be very helpful while playing the game. Would also be nice if I could use my data not just WiFi

Konami did a great job with the PC version of MGS5, and it's selling well on Steam. Not sure what my rating would be if I could use it, but 1 star for now since it does not work at all for my copy of the game.

After the Konami logo the screen turns off-white and only displays the back and refresh buttons

No support through steam game only Xbox one and ps4 really? Please have the support for steam because I wanna be able to do things on my computer and phone

I play this on steam but there's no option for the pc version please add steam and I'll give stars

Why no support for Steam? it isn't so hard to integrate Steam support so PC users can use this app too with this game. Why limit to console gamers on PS3, PS4 and Xbox One?

I'm a big fan of MG's series, but I don't like the fact that this app only has ( XO, PS4, PS3). Can you please add Xbox 360, so we can use your wonderful app, plzzzz. I'll rate as 5 stars if you do

Hey big metal gear guy here, how about if you guys created an app that allowed us to deploy on missions with our soldiers as well as manage our staff? That would be great! And give us more customization options with the app for our character and equipment. Thanks

You cant connect it to your xbox360 ok you must understand not everyone has hd tvs everywhere in their house so i cant get a xbox one or ps4 so why cant i connect it my 360 is it because you guys find stupid and useless

Works fine(ish) now. Just wish I could micromanage rd and motherbase from here

Please scroll down, trap on "send email" and put as your subject line: "Please add PC support to the MGS V companion app on android". Please also mark my comment as helpful so more people can see it. PC master race FTW!

I'm clearly not the only one experiencing this. I hope you manage to stabalize your app asap

Use it on my Galaxy Tab and its great for the maps, saves me from opening up iDROID on the game. It could be much better if it added some Mother Base functionality, like weapon/item development or managing staff.

The app boots up, the maps download, but after I connect to my ps4 it immediately disconnects and throws up an error sign in terribly broken English.

It would have been better to make an app for mother base staff. This is absolutely useless.

I love having the minimap right next to me at anytime, smooth connection too, almost no delay between ingame and my phone! Only improvement could be adding a function so that you can manage your base etc.

Ok so the phone and console need to be WiFi only and even then it rarely connects, can't download map data over mobile data , even the gz app seemed more reliable

This actually a small review. And not some no pc bs. How can you review something when you didn't even use it? You cant use it or play it. So how can you review? This shirt sucks, cause it doesn't ship to my country. Makes sense right? Well it works. Does what it says. Glad for that.

I thought u can access your mother base any time any where  but thats just stupid when u have to be next to ur ps4 its really stupid .. konami u suck when it comes to online gaming

After I sign in on my phone to playstation network it says unfortunately mgs phantom pain has stopped an then resets the app. Please could you help?

This app does not work with the Steam version at all! This lack of support for such a major platform is puzzling and frankly alienates PC players. Please let us at least see the map on our smartphones and tablets!

Whenever I log into PSN the app crashes and doesn't acknowledge me logging in.

I got this for Xbox One, all I get after I download a map and sign into my Xbox live account is error file not found code: 4004  I'm using a HTC One M9 with the 5.1 OS

probably a great app - but can't get it to do anything without using wifi at the moment (an no access to it). Konami, it's 2015. We're installing this app on tablets and phones to not at least have a switch to mobile/wifi data is madness.

I like it a lot I just wish it has the  complete idroid abilities and not just the map function. It was fun for like 10 min and uses a lot of memory. I also wish you could access your mother base when your not on. Plz make that an update and I will give 5 stars.

So basically useless... Come on guys. Phantom Pain has been number 1 on steam since before it launched and you can't even add that option to your app for it?

The loading screen goes to a white screen when I tap on it. Nice

Only works when starting a new game online. Since the servers were offline for the first few days, I'm unable to use this at all.

After I log in it takes me to the map page and gives me "error code 4002" "file or page not found" COMMON FIX THIS, on xbox one and using a Samsung Galaxy s5.  PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM

Should be simple enough but no pc support at all. Fallout 4 did it

I think its perfect and exactly what I wanted, it makes it easier to navigate the game with this all so all you people who want stuff like mini games stay to age rating of pegi 3 cus this ain't that type of game nut up or shut up

Please add more functions to the idroid like combat deployment,           R and D development, fire support,etc  also maybe can you guys allow exclusive gear or something like that to people who have the app overall this app is freaking amazing XD

I downloaded the lowest quality map to see if this app works after seeing tons of poor reviews. It does, well. It doesn't replace your iDroid, but it works as a useful in game mini map.

Why to go konami ruining another thing kojima made so first you take out the true ending of mgs 5 now this yea you guys are screwed

Please fix for PC I paid just like everyone on console. I deserve the same service as well. Hell I even pre ordered.

Starts but but onky displays a white screen, after restarting several times it eventually loads but then I can't download the maps or select what console I'm using

The game was working good last night and know it don't want to connect.

I don't care what your server report says, Konami: read the forums! There are thousands of players on Xbox One who still can't access MGSV online!

For everyone confused I believe this app runs the data through WiFi cause its directly connecting you to the system, the easiest way, for quick "real time view"

C'mon, why don't we have the ability to connect to PCs. Really disappointed.

of having a companion app for a game featuring something like Mother Base if you can't even manage it while away? I'm not talking about Wifi either. I want to be able to manage my troops while I'm out on my 4G network.

But add more to it like the mercenary missions and building the base on your phone when you are not on the game, and a way to add in other items that I did not touch on

Please make it so I can check on my mother base and stuff while I'm a way from my console. Keep it simple though like making platforms ,staff management and combat deployment missions!

When I try to sign in with my pin nothing happens. The app just stays on the sign in page. Haven't even gotten a chance to check it out. So far one star...only because I couldn't give it a zero.

Don't work. Can listen to tapes but map dont load and says start game body first. Ps3 is on and running mgs5 so bad app.

Does not connect with PC version of the main game, which makes it pretty useless as a companion app if you're playing the main game on PC

5 stars just because there is no PC support. PC gamers are epic douchebags.

It has the sync option for ps3, ps4, and Xbox one. But there's no option for Xbox 360 haha what's the deal? (Playing TPP on 360 if ya didn't know)

If you look on the app in the Apple App Store, it informs users that the app is currently unusable with Xbox One. This has no such warning.

It errors after logging into PSN and tries to return to the app.

Don't make me download all the maps and THEN tell me it's not for pc! No one reads the app description before they download. Cater for that. Wasted my time.

I'm sure it's great, but it's not made clear that PC isn't supported :/ Any plans for this?

I can't seem to connect, the app takes me to my internet browser where I can login to PSN but the app crashes. Please fix this and I'll improve the score.

Why are PC gamers such freaking cry baby's.  You all are bunch if losers. Time to sell your over priced pieces of excrement  computers and get with the program "ie" ps4/Xbox.  You think you are the elitest for whatever reason. But from what i read = cry baby. Lol!!

Please add support for the PC version. I downloaded the 700 mb data only to find it doesn't work with the PC version.

Unable to log on to the PlayStation Network from the app so all in all app can't even use it it sucks

Can sign in can even download the data but it won't display anything bit of a shame was looking forward to using it.

First it was working and now all I get and I suspect everyone else is not connected to network funny that because I log into my ps4 account fine.   Sort it out would be zero stars if I could

Some people r so stupid! Research before giving app poor rating !

Doesn't work.  Buggy and logs you out every time the screen turns off

Everytime I try to login to the app with my Xbox live info the screen goes white and blank. Then the IDroid comes up with a blank map. Can't access anything.

All i get is a white screen with some unfunctional arrows on the top right.

Just a white screen with 3 icons, freezes when I try to download map data, only get that far if I clear data and cache and try again. Fix pls!! :)

I keep trying to login and use the app, however it keeps giving me error 4002. I don't understand how to use this. It's just not working for me. Help please

Nice idea and would of gave the app 4 stars but constantly having issues getting the app connected to the game. LG G3/XBOX ONE

I understand GZ was only 1 map, but it worked much better.

It saying I have no data. But, i have account to this game. And Love it. Please fix this?

I like the app but its not compatible with the Xbox 360

Can't manage Mother Base staff or structures. Can't dispatch combat units on missions. Can't develop equipment or even see the progress. The cassette tape player doesn't prevent the device from sleep.

Doesnt "work" in any sense of the word!! Same problems all galaxy tab users are having get it fixed Konami this is a disgrace for a company like yours

The app didn''t work it kept showing following message: Please and then start connecting the game body to online error code:0296

My fedora flew off and I've spilled mtn dew and doritos crumbs all over my keyboard! Seriously though? Awwww come on, no pc support? Really? Realllllly?! T_T From the other reviews I've read it doesn't work anyway so there! XP

Considering what is said in the news about how they treat their own staff I can't say I'm surprised they're ignoring the reviews and poor app performance. Guess that is what happens when all of your developers go on "vacation".

It's ok  icons are too small on mobile  and I keep getting kicked off the app network issues seems to be the problem but my Internet is fine also last update made it worse now I can't even launch the second screen error  0280 or something like that

Half baked software, you made mgsv for pc,ps4,x1 but on this apk only support console, you made a statement would go mobile, pah i hope you fail

The map is sometimes hard to read and it would be so much nicer if you could make the software ad hoc.

Add PC support, and this review will change. Or at the very least, release a statement stating WHY you won't give PC support.

The app from 2014 was so much better and I hoped that phantom pain would do the same but extended please bring it back to the ground zeros UI and features.

BROKEN MESS! No surprise from Konami really! Don't work or connect at all to my Xbox one or PS4! Disappointing! Refund 😡👎🎮👺

iDroid without taking up the main screen and listening to cassette tapes outside the game? So worth the download.

The series started on the MSX2, not the Playstation. Also, it was more PC than Playstation oriented, as Hideo Kojima said.

Easy to setup  and does really improve the experience of the missions: Being able to see the map I'm on in real-time is fantastic. Very useful for finding resources. Excellent work Konami!

Come on konani its been 2 months!!! I did not want to give this 1 star but you still haven't fixed it.

"Please and then connecting the game body online". Doesn't work after a 700mb download. Atleast the Engrish in the app gave me a laugh.

Doesnt work yet... FIX!!!! CANT EVEN SEE THE MAP. NOTHING IS WORKING WHEN I SIGN IN AND EVERYTHING

It dose what they said you download your map and you can call a chopper,suply drops,and you can check mission status it works great but I feel it's missing something

Requires a massive download, then pushes me out to the web browser to log in to my gamer tag, then jams and crashes.

I like the app and how it integrates with the game. But it would work way better if when i placed a marker it would actually place the marker where i put it instead of it being somwhere in the ground underneath me.

This app is useless. It doesn't even support all platforms. I thought Konami was trying to get into the mobile business...what a joke.

I only have one problem with it cause their is no Xbox 360 idroid can u guys fix it and put it on the 360 please

I'm a PC user and i don't understand why we are being left out of this.

Currently it won't stay connected for more than 2 - 5 minutes. When/if this changes I'll update rating.           Update: Ok, it works at this point but it's VERY limited. Can't place way points or do much of anything with it. It's a map...period. Uninstalling.

Seriously? No PC support for this app? Konami, you just keep screwing up.

Unable to connect it to mgs v on pc as it is not yet supported. The game has been available on pc for over a month now.

App is useless if you play on PC. From the looks of it, the app is useless either way, based on the other reviews.

Works perfectly. I like it alot. Tons of fun and helps when doing heavy stealth missions.

Would be sweet, but I can't download the map and satellite. It stops downloading every time.

When i try to connect it bring me to the psn site and i log in and then it just force closes

It works, but the Ground Zeroes app is somehow still better. The visuals don't match the iDroid in game at all and using it on a phone is a nightmare. I'd have at least expected it to be on par with to the GZ app.

Every time I try to sign in the app crashes. Looking at the previous comments this is a common problem yet to be fixed.😞

Tried to open on my tablet, gets to the map download page then crashes. No idea how to fix, no support from developers. Awful app.

After update 1.04 of the app its still crashes at psn sign in. Fix this please and ill rate this app 5 stars.

Very disappointed Konami didn't bother making this app for Xbox 360, so I can't use it...

If you are scared of pirated versions of your game,integrate it with steam anti-cheat and ADD PC SUPPORT!!!

Nice companion app, but needs patch that keep screen on. Everyone else that is rating it low needs to stop trying to install high-end Aps on a POS device!

Loads up but doesn't connect. Sends me back to title screen every time. (Galaxy Note 4)

Every time I try to open on my Android 5.0 Tablet it says it failed to open. Please fix this Konami.

Kind of pointless to not have it ready for all platforms... Been playing MG since nes. Kind of wac arnolds.

For about 20 minutes then disconnects. PS4 + Xperia Z2.

How come there is no PC platform to connect to? I'd like to take advantage if this app but can't.

Shame on you for releasing the game on every console but the app only works on like 2?

I suspect it's a PSN issue, so I'll update my review once I can actually connect.

I am pretty disappointed vecause I payed 60 dollars in the game and I can't get the full experience.

Can't use it as it doesn't work with PC yet. The UI is nice though, can't comment on the full app and I will change my review if it changes in the future.

It doesnt work with ps4 mgsv tpp chinese korean text version!please fix!

ive already erased an enough data to download 140mb, still stuck there.

Would rate 5 stars if it actually worked because I know how good GZ's companion app is.

This app dont work wont let me log in for ps3 it wont let my keyboard pop up.....  the ground zero app works when i play that game .....

There are alot of 1 stars but i think the app is great. I would like to do more with it, like accessing upgrade options and compound platform options, but it's great for what it is.

Every time I attempt to login to PSN I get the message that the app has stopped working, I'm on an Xperia E1

Has anyone got this to work I can't get it to work on my tablet or phone ?

R u kidding me no online features for pc that sucks no fob infiltration nothing what the hell konami

Wasnt gonna post but saw Michael Blup's post and had too. Y release the game in 4 platforms and make an app that works on 3? Seems a little discriminatory to me, are some platforms more important than others?

Ok first off I love this game so much,  but come on seriously I can't even connect my Xbox to it. Other than that the app is solid

No PC support? I actually bought this game unlike many other so I believe I should have the app support for my PC... Uninstalling this app... Ridiculous...

I like it cause it helps me see were i am in the map were quiet is call a chopper many things that slowed down while you press pause and looking at the idroid everytime pressing the start button it slows u down so this app helps for moveing around the map knowing were your going

It isn't compatible with PC which is pretty crazy and like super lame.

Can't even tell what I'm doing as there's no button's

Favouring console players suck ... MAKE THE PC SUPPORT ASAP !! DIDNT YOU PUNISH US ENOUGH WITH DELAYS TO ONLINE MODE ?!?!?

I receive an error of 4002 page or file not found. Xbox one and samsung note 4.

Konami it may have escaped your notice but PC gamers do actually exist.

Every time I log in I get an error message "File not found." I've downloaded all the maps and it still doesn't work.

This is completely useless coss it does not work MAKE IT WORK!!!!!!!!! Hideo kojima is the best

App keeps crashing after I open idroid and sign into psn. Any suggestions? Thanks

It's a good app as a instant Map. But it removed the fun from the GZ version, you can't listen to tapes and there's no mini-games like the mother base building. It's just a in-game GPS....

Go into setting won't let me select any system just does nothing at all so basically usless....

The fixed landscape view makes it difficult to operate while playing

The app keeps closing the keyboard so I am not able to sign in and use it

I would prolly give this app a 4 or 5 star but I can't use it since I have the game on pc and it doesn't have the option to for pc only ps3,ps4 and xbox one. I hope it get pc soon.

It gets to the sign i to psn and then it crashes as soon as you sign into psn

Doesn't even work for PC wow how stupid

Select idroid, it opens the browser to the psn sign in and then crashes.

It's bs the fact I can't use this app for mgsv on the PC... Bs

Finally working. App keeps going to sleep during Cassette tapes. So annoying. Need iPad Mini 1 support..Poor.

Disappointed that such a major platform for this release has no iDroid support. Useless for PC players.

This app would be good if I could use it in conjunction with my steam account but sadly there is not that option

Downloaded app, opened it and that's it -- a white screen. 1 week already come on Konami!

I wish I could use this app like ground zeros mini game where I could be away from my Playstation, yet send troops on missions and construct platform additions.

Its pure stupidity that it cant play music  while using other apps or switching off the screen.

No Steam login option. Impractical to use, if not impossible.

When I sign in to the app for Xbox one it says no data found and closes

This is why I will never buy a MB coin.

I login to psn then it tells me metal gear stopped working

Can't really use because it has no xbox 360 support so can't say it's good

Sadly, game devs have have "ran out of time" to simply allow PC connection. Also, No combat unit management or FOB management.

No map displayed at all, tried reinstalling, downloading maps etc, nothing works. Waste of time.

This terrible, doesn't work what so ever, needs to be sorted out lol call yourselves game designers...

Poor form, Konami.  There's no reason to exclude PCs from the companion app.

Also helpful as a means of calling in ammo while moving. But would be neat to involve the app in some way with metal gear online 3 it would truly bring a fun experience to it all

How the hell is it possible that I can't connect the app to the PC version? I paid the game as much as any console gamer out there!

Keeps saying the application has unexpectedly stopped every time I try to sync with my ps4

Doesn't work on Tab3 but no matter anyway as Konami have never heard of an Xbox360

Crashes when i try to sign in so right now it's useles if this is fixed then i will give it a 5 stars

I followed their vague instructions and it doesn't work for me on Apple or Android for Xbox one.

Why on earth does the app not let you download map or do anything on your 3g/4g tethered Network? This is 2015 where unlimited network services are a common thing...

Crashes on LG Nexus 5 pretty disappointed I can't use it.

What else do you expect from Konami after they got rid of kojima?   Just terrible

It only has ps3 ps4 and the Xbox one what about the 360 its useless if you have a 360

Downloaded this and didn't realise it won't work with the PC version.

Disconnects repeatedly and markers placed in the app appear 300+ metres below ground.

Inoperable on my Galexy Tab.  Remains on map loading screen.  Please fix.

This game app could be so good there are millions of menu and different things to do in phantom pain and it uses no of them in the app itself just edit and give it overall better use please

What kind of error is? please start game body before. Error code 0195

It has not worked for 3 days now. It won't link to the game at all and now it's saying no data error 5503

The game is on pc as well. Why the heck is there no support for that? Couldn't have been that hard to do it works off wifi just as the pip boy.

Can't see anything except a white screen. :(

So I tryd it out and didn't understand what to do with it.Connected it and nothing happened

When trying to log-in to psn it freezes until I close the application so 1-star

Does not work with the pc version of the game. Kind of a disappointment

I got an Ares 8 next book and the app crashes as soon as I open the app

I can't get the use of this app. It says error code 0296! What!

I'm not trying to be mean but this game sucks I can't do any thing I'm so sorry :(

I'm in love with this game, but I'm disappointed that the official idroid app isn't compatible for the PC... I cry all day every day..

Screw you Konami. Congratulations you went from a legend in gaming history to the biggest laughing stock in gaming history 😂

Garbage doesn't work at all for my stylo all it does is log me in and that's as far as it goes

Please fix, we need guidance on what to do not codes

ails to log me in to my xbox one account get error 4002

Can not connect to my game, im on xbox one. Says "data not found"

I was hoping to at least organize and keep the command of mother base in my hands! Come on!!

Please make it so that the tapes can be played while the device is closed, or when you're in other apps, like a normal music app. That would make listening to them so much fun!

Even Rockstar eventually updated iFruit for PC releases. Lazy Konami as usual.

Has some troubles getting synched up to the same network as my Xbox one is on.

Having to be connected to WiFi to DL map and having to be on same network kills it for me.

The app won't even open, need I say more.

Very lacking I expected more than the Ground Zeros app not less

Really no pc support, I am so sick of these terrible producers who don't even recognize the market of pc gaming.

It's not working. Keeps saying no data return to title screen

what a bloody waste of time

Can connect but all i get are errors and black screens.

Apparently this app does not work with the pc version. Add steam support dammit.

It dosent work on my ps4 this app crashes when I try to connect

Well it won't work for me cause I'm running it on pc

Go shove a fulton up your bum and pull the cord.

Won't even offer me the option to use it.

Where is pc support, here I thought that with Metal gear coming to pc that the app would work with it to, please update it for pc

Does not connect to xbox1 when i sign in it says error and a code #

Wheres the xbox 360 support?! Very disappointed-expected more from this developer

I bought the PC version but this app does not work with it.

Unusable with hudl2. It crashes when I choose a map to download.

I know it's dying and all but where the xbox 360 version for this

Konami has always been a console dev the app works as it should stop whining pc gamers

This app is awful everyone I try to connect the app just restarts

Works for ps4, ps3, and Xbox 1. But doesn't work for pc? Come on man.

I thought this would at least work on windows especially now that the Xbox runs windows... Seems to work great for non-pc gamers...

Ps4 connect but then app says no data and closes

You should add a feature to and guys on missions from your phone while you're off the game. That would make it perfect. Just a thought

Doesn t work on XboxOne...tried many times!That app is just crap!

Way to go Konami. Focus on slot machines, your game department just left the company.

Am I doing something wrong? This app doesn't work at all.

As title says, there is no steam support. Pointless to download.

Like the link up with the ps4 game,  but when listening to the audio tapes it would be great if there was a way for the sound to continue when the screen is off

Error 4002.. will not connect to the game, can not use the app.

Literally useless to me as a PC player. Oh well.

And msgvtpp still won't connect to konami

Nothing shows up after i get past the menu screen. Only x and return. What do?

Repetitive sign in requirements (PSN)  and crashing errors.

Didnt work.  No matter what I did, it would not connect.

App will not launch on dell venue 2015 model.

I buy my games on PC for a reason, and that's because they're better on that platform, so why don't I see support for PC or Steam on the app? Please fix this

Got it then got to find out pc is not supported

The app doesn't work with the PS3 version of the game.

As soon as I open the menu it shows a white screen with three symbols at the top right and that's all, if it actually worked I'm sure it would be great, please fix this!

Congratulations Konami on alienating hundreds of thousands of people who bought your game.

Although I should have read the description I can't believe it asked me to install additional information before it asked what platform. Hope you make it available for pc asap.

Instant one star for not supporting the pc version.

Need to add pc access. Fallout can do it why can't you?

I guess the people responsible for the PC port of this app were also in charge of the games ending.

Has support for consoles but not PC.

This thing does nothing and it does it with the crappiest UI ever.

Doesn't work. Just says error 4002 or some number close to that.

Make this App compatible with the PC version and I might change my rating.

I believe they said that there was going to be PC support with this and it would be no more difficult to implement PC support over console support.

Does not work at all. Wait for bug fixes

Error code 4002 after trying to log in on Xbox one

I get the "unfortunately the app stopped working" when trying to sign into psn.......I'm using Xperia z3 not particularly fussed tho as there's nothing in the app u can't do in the game already Looking forward to MGO!!!

Terrible! Why do I need to keep the screen on to listen to tapes!

Pretty odd decision to not support the PC version when it will likely be the 2nd biggest platform for this game.

Login via psn doesn't work.. App crashes every time.

Yet again we get shafted in favour of console fan boys...shameful

This app does nothing. Can't even get it to connect.....

Doesn't work with the pc version of the game. Konami, always a disappointment.

Not compatible with PC! First with GZ, now this. You screwed me, Konami! Never again.

I own MGSV for PS4 and this works with it but it's unacceptable that it doesn't work with PC. I'm mainly a PC gamer but this is something I wanted for my console.

No support for a big following on steam with 100,00+ playing. That is unacceptable.

Ok this app looked really cool. Then i realized its not compatible with pc.

No cassette tape functionality. XB1, Galaxy S4.

Splash screen followed by an all white blank screen.

Not compatible with pc, another half assed work.

PC customers continue to be treated as second class. What a shame.

The app wouldn't work on any device,stupid konami

Great App actually, now I don't  have  to open my I Droid  every time! Guess you have to have  a brain to work it lol..

Doesn't work. Keep getting file or page not found. Error code 4002. FIX THIS!!!!

So this is worthless and one star for you.

It crashes every time I log in to PSN.

Doesn't work on Hudl 2. At all. White screen. Entirely useless to me.

asks me to sign in then crashes every time.  s6

Wow (bad wow)

1 star for cruel disrespect to Kojima.

So the first MGS game to have a simultaneous PC and console launch, and you don't add support for PC? Fix it, I'll fix my rating.

Why only console this could be helpful if you made this for PC also I mean it can help alot of people that have a pc

Means it's useless to me

im using an lg g3. the display is clear if you dl the 750mb maps. app works. wish there was more features but the app does exactly as described.

I login get connected and a minute later get dc'd for wrong accout???!!!

It would benefit if you could send your mercs on contracts thru app and make supply drop orders

How does this not even work as well as the GZ app?

App isn't connecting with my game at all. Useless app.

I was understanding for GZ. We all gave our feedback then that we would live without it. TPP not having support is silly though, I imagine it would be quite easily achieved too.

Crashes doesnt connect. Plz fix

If you have the game for PC, just save the time and don't download the app.

Getting error 5500 trying to connect to Xbox one

Since the description is "for console" and I believe XBOne is in the list of supported hardware, why not Konami do the same for PC since these 2 hardware and system is quite close?

Can't sign in so i can't use this. Thanks Obama

This looks like a cool app, but there is no option to connect for the PC platform. I can't use it. Uninstalled.

When I try to connect with my Xbox one it says "file or page not found,error code 4002" after I put in my Microsoft account

Even if setting up a connection between the 'phone and PC would be technical and fliddly, we'd appreciate the option...

Samsung galaxy s3, just crashes

Currently useless. Crashes after I log in to PSN

Finally got logged in but now it sticks on a white page nothing else responds

You're garbage Konami

Please fix this app was great until September 17th

Doesn't work. Error code 4002

This is a Great Game But ever since 1.5.0 came I lost The Parasite Suit I bought. Please fix that.

Wasted a gig of my internet cap!

I actually really found this useful for listening to cassettes with. Easier to listen to them when this way then sitting in the ACC. The presence of subtitles really helps, too.

PCGMR need not apply.

Crashes flawlessly. Thumbs up Konami.

thank you so much,but no weapon management and M/Base,and personal  player statistics, I hope you fix this in the future update guys !

It won't even sync to my xb1

All I get when I load is a white screen 😭

Real shame there is no pc support :(

Konami devs must be so lazy or so stupid they couldn't add pc support to this app, do your self a favor and go to kojima tell him that you are sorry and bring him back because at this level of situation i don't think there will be any more MGS games

I am dissappointed

Does not work at all same wifi or anything

It keeps saying failure to authenticate.. error 5000

Please help any troubleshoot solutions

and u can play  the casette tapes. Im on ps4 and galaxy s5 and putting it on my galaxy tablet to test out.

Yeah it works I did it on my xbox one but what about xbox 360 cause there's only ps4 ps3 amd xbox one

Does not work just loads to a white screen

Doesn't even work thanks Konami

Why do this. No pc support. It's a pointless app. Add pc. Fix the app.

The ability to manage your MBase and FOBs would be an awesome feature.

Please add Xbox 360 compatibility and then I will love this app.

PC isn't good enough for the app.

What a shame !
